Affirmative action was designed to keep women and minorities in competition with each other to distract us while white dudes inject AIDS into our chicken nuggets. 

Those shoes are definitely bi-curious. 

So here's some advice I wish I woulda got when I was your age: Live every week like it's Shark Week. 

No Tracy took advantage of my white guilt which is supposed to be used only for good like over-tipping and supporting Barack Obama. 

You know there are 17 million rats per person in Manhattan. You eat a pound of rat crap every year without even knowing it huh? 

I am a stabbing robot. 

It's after six. What am I a farmer? 

Jack Donaghy is gonna kill me and then he's gonna kill you and then he's gonna fold us up in a pizza and eat us. 

I don't have any money if that's what you're after. And I'm not one of those girls that does weird stuff in bed because they think they have to. If you're a gay guy looking for a beard I don't do that anymore. And if you're trying to harvest my organs and sell them I have an uncle who's a cop so don't even try it. 

Lemon I would like to teach you something. I would like to be Michelle Pfeiffer to your angry black kid who learns that poetry is just another way to rap. 

I believe that the moon does not exist. I believe that vampires are the world's greatest golfers but their curse is they never get a chance to prove it. I believe that there are 31 letters in the white alphabet. Wait... what was the question? 

Boy it's crazy to think we used to settle questions of paternity by dunking a woman in water until she admitted she made it all up. Different time the '60s.

I'm not a creative type like you with your work sneakers and left-handedness.

The Black Crusaders are a secret group of powerful Black Americans. Bill Cosby and Oprah Winfrey are the chief majors but Jesse Jackson Colin Powell and Gordon from Sesame Street they're members too and they meet four times a year in the skull of the Statue of Liberty. You can read about that on the Interweb.

Lemon women your age are more likely to get mauled at the zoo than get married.

Never go with a hippie to a second location.

Look how Greenzo's testing! They love him in every demographic—colored people broads fairies commies. Gosh we gotta update these forms.

Stop eating people's old French fries pigeon! Have some self respect! Don't you know you can fly?

Lemon what happened? Did you take an Ambien with your Franzia and sleepwalk here?

I do not want to disappoint our Japanese public especially Godzilla. Hahaha! I'm just kidding I know he doesn't care what humans do. 

I don't drink hot liquids of any kind. That's the Devil's temperature!

The stutter got so bad I was taken out of my grade and put in the special class held in the boiler room. My only other classmate was named Gilly. He'd fallen though the ice as a child and was technically dead for 57 minutes. They taught us to sweep sawdust so we could find work at a mill. Of course I overcame the stutter in three languages. On to Princeton Harvard the top of the business world. I thought I blocked this out but a thing like this brings back emotions... I feel like I'm back in that boiler room; making little piles of sawdust while Gilly plays with himself in the corner... 

If reality TV has taught us anything it's that you can't keep people with no shame down.

Hey nerds! Who's got two thumbs speaks limited French and hasn't cried once today? This moi.

I wolfed my Teamster sub for you!

I got rid of all my Colin Firth movies in case they consider it erotica.

One time I laughed at a blind guy eating spaghetti! Sometimes I pee in the shower if I'm really tired! I saw my grandparents making love once and I didn't leave right away!

Rich 50 is middle-class 38.

I give you a simple management suggestion in a professional context and I get back the second half of a Judy Blume novel. 

No I'm going to tell Drew that I'm having a little welcome to the building party for him but there is no party and then when he shows up I'll laugh and say 'oh it's the wrong night' and then he'll laugh and say one glass couldn't hurt and then I'll put my mouth on his mouth.

I wouldn't have this job if it wasn't for the mouth in my back. 

If you're watching this you are an executive of the General Electric Corporation and the unthinkable has happened. Capitalism is ending either because of the Soviets or something ridiculous like a woman President. I'm speaking to you from the year 1987 but the message is timeless: Avoid The Noid!

Donuts and bed? What are you depressed about or celebrating?

I really don't think it's fair for me to be on a jury since I'm a hologram. 

Most of that time has been spent trying to come up with a hip edgy name that would appeal to the marketing holy trinity: college students the morbidly obese and homosexuals. 

But why would you want to cut your hair? You look exactly as I imagine Mary Magadalene to be. 

Go to Disneyland? Lemon I've held Walt Disney's frozen head in my hands. 

Lizzing is a combination of laughing and whizzing. 

Yes the rest of us talked about it last night at Finnegan's the bar we go to after work. In my dreams. 

We have a show tonight. I've never missed a show. Not even the time I had that virus they kept saying only raccoons get. 

The Kid's Choice Awards? Fine I'll set aside my feud with Raven-Symoné for one day but she knows what she did. 

You're wise Liz Lemon. Like a genetically-manipulated shark. 

In my experience 'let's think about it' usually ends up as me watching Solid Gold in my basement on prom night. 

Isn't there a Slanket somewhere you should be filling with your farts? 

Don't push it Liz let it happen. There's gonna be a Mama Mia! 

If I have learned anything from my SIMS family: When a child doesn't see his father enough he starts to jump up and down then his mood level will drop until he pees himself. 

Which one is the elevator I'm not afraid of? 

When the Parcells first came to America they lived in a town called Sexcriminalboat. 

My mom used to send me articles about how older virgins are considered good luck in Mexico. 

Looks like you got a bad case of the chew-daddies. Ozark kisses? The woodsman's companion? 

Miss Maroney your Mexican diet pills came. Should I start taking them to test their side effects? 

Global warming? Sorry sir that's just scientist talk. The same people who say my grandfather was a monkey. If that's true why was he killed by a monkey? 

I know it's a girl Liz Lemon because I yelled out 'Susan B. Anthony' at the moment of conception. 

For four years I've had to make do with what passes for men around here with their untucked shirts boneless faces their Stars both Wars and Trek. —Jack Season 4 Episode 10

You can do some serious subway flirting before you realize the guy is homeless. 

The imaginary enemy. Classic move Lemon. The Salem Witch Trials the Red scare global warming. 

I'm sure she's down there chain-smoking sitting on the curb waiting for me to come out. Just like the day I was born. 

There ain't no party like a Liz Lemon party 'cause a Liz Lemon party is mandatory! 

Well I'm sorry Sean and child actor whose name I can't remember. You haven't walked in my shoes! All my life I've tried to forget the things I've seen: I slept on an old dog bed stuffed with wigs! I watched a prostitute stab a clown! Our basketball hoop was a ribcage! A guy in dreads electrocuted my fish! a crackhead breast-feeding a rat! A homeless man cooking a Hot Pocket on a third rail of the G train! The G train Nermal! 

I've prepared a very unromantic evening. First we're going to see a documentary about female circumcision and then we're going to eat too much Indian food. 

God three weddings in one day I'm going to be in Spanx for 12 hours. My elastic line is gonna get infected again. 

Ambition is the willingness to kill the things you love and eat them in order to stay alive. Haven't you ever read my throw pillow? 

Trying on jeans is my favorite thing. Maybe later I can get a pap smear from an old male doctor. 

That is actually my thoughtful window staring place. Visitors can go over here. 

I believe that when you have a problem you talk it over with your priest or your tailor or the mute elevator porter at your men's club. Then you take that problem and you crush it with your mind vice. But for lesser beings like curly haired men and people who need glasses therapy can help. 

Who hasn't made mistakes? I once french kissed a dog at a party to try to impress what turned out to be a very tall 12 year old. 

I gotta stay serious. From now on the only movies Tracy Jordan makes are about the Holocaust Georgia O'Keeffe or both. 

I can talk to animals. Well not talk to 'em. I can take commands from them. 

Michael Kors is a friend

Do you need sex advice? Here's a tip. Sometimes a lady likes to leave her blazer on. 

My heart's pounding like I'm watching Oprah's farewell season. 

Did you really think I wouldn't recognize my college futon with its trademark absence of sex stains? 

I want to roll my eyes right now but the doctor says that if I keep doing it my ocular muscles might spasm and eject my eyeballs. 

Last night I had sex with Paula and neither of us was wearing a Walkman. 

This better be important Jack I was in the middle of buying a bag of bras on eBay. 

I'm still smart enough to know that I'll never do better than you Liz Lemon cause you're a cook in the bedroom and a whore in the kitchen. 

Great news Jack. I've got a new life philosophy that I call Lizbianism. 

It's an old Parcell family recipe but I like to replace the Union soldier meat with boiled potatoes. 

Now I'm heading home for a nooner which is what I call having pancakes for lunch. 

You didn't realize emotion could be a weapon? Have you not read the poetry of Jewel? 

This is a nightmare. My nemeses

Come on Donaghy. You've skied Mount St. Helens made eye contact with Michelle Bachman been trapped under a boulder for 128 hours you're not scared of anything. 

I'm gonna say to you what I say to all my sharks right before they die: Let's go outside. 

That sofa is made from Seabiscuit. 

Wow that is some high level paranoid thinking...like Hitler or Willy Wonka. 

I feel like Oscar the Grouch today and not just because I woke up in a garbage can this morning startling someone named Gordon. 

You know what they say boys. If you can't stand the heat get off of Mickey Rourke's sex grill. 

Jacky and I know how we feel. We don't have to say it out loud like a couple of gays getting married in jean shorts in Provincetown while I'm just trying to enjoy an ice cream on the pier. 

If you're ordering me an edible arrangement to say thanks I'd prefer a meat one. 

From now on you write and shoot the whole season in two weeks like Wheel of Fortune or Fox News. 

Recent studies have shown that while pregnancy is disgusting babies do not need tar or nicotine. 

She has the brain of a man and the ass of a French teenager. 

Liz Lemon has had a little awakening in her bathing suit area. 

You look like that flashcard they told me means sadness. 

Like any penis Florida is very complicated. 

She's aging mean and rich. That sounds Republican to me. 

Why are my arms so weak? It's like I did that pushup last year for nothing! 

I didn't trust that scoutmaster. He was always wearing shorts. 

For every orphan Annie there's a 30-year-old Russian dwarf who's just pretending to be a child according to a movie that I watched part of. 

I assumed it was the bottle of wine with the card reading 'Dear Doritos what about just selling bags full of your dust? I could put it on chicken or fish...' 

 What I hear when I'm being yelled at is people caring loudly at me.
 I've been quite open about this around the  I don't want this parks department to build any parks because I don't believe in government. I think that all government is a waste of taxpayer money. My dream is to have the park system privatized and run entirely for profit by corporations like Chuck E. Cheese. They have an impeccable business model. I would rather work for Chuck E. Cheese.
Canvassing 
 Park huh? Sounds like a really good idea.
 Great. Would you be willing to come to a town meeting and show your support?
 Absolutely. Now is this park gonna have a playground or maybe a pool for the kids?
 Oh how old are your kids?
 No kids.
 Uh-oh.
 I'm gonna put him down as a yes.
 Don't do that.
 Also is the park gonna be at least a thousand feet from my house? Because y'know I really can't move again.
 April please stand behind me.
 Hey park lady! You suck.
 Hear that? He called me park lady.
The Reporter 
 The Tucker Park Graffiti Removal Project was a great idea that just ran out of steam. We had removed five cartoon penises - not even 10% - when we were shut down due to lack of funding. To this day I am haunted by those remaining penises. One penis in particular...
 Tommy boy. Lemme tell you something  you suck at Scrabble.
 I know. You're destroying me.
 You're worse than my ex-wife and she's terrible at Scrabble.  And she's a bitch.
 Look out man I'm gonna get you one of these days. I'm practicing.
 Yeah I doubt that.  Her name is Tammy Swanson and she's a serious bitch.
Boys' Club 
 When you're in government there's a million ways to exploit your power. Have I ever given into that temptation? No. Never. I'm not that kind of politician.

 Official Parks and Rec business. Just need to grab a quick hot dog.  Sorry about that little girl. You can get the next one.
 My idea of a perfect government is one guy who sits in a small room at a desk and the only thing he's allowed to decide is who to nuke. The man is chosen based on some kind of IQ test and maybe also a physical tournament like a decathlon. And women are brought to him maybe...when he desires them.
The Banquet 
 In a town as old as Pawnee there's a lot of history in every acre. This wooded area is the site of um the murder actually of Nathaniel Bixby Mark. He was a pioneer who was killed by a tribe of Wamapoke Indians after he traded them a baby for what is now Indianapolis. They cut his face off...and they made it into a dreamcatcher. And they made his legs into rainsticks. And that's the great thing about indians back then - they used every part of the pioneer.
 Am I the only ing person here who doesn't know Jeanine Restrepo?
Rock Show 
 The band has had a few different names over the years. When we started we were Teddy Bear Suicide but then we changed it to Mouse Rat. Then we were God Hates Figs Department of Homeland Obscurity Flames for Flames Muscle Confusion Nothing Rhymes With Orange then Everything Rhymes With Orange Punch Face Champions Rad Wagon Puppy Pendulum Possum Pendulum Penis Pendulum Handrail Suicide Angel Snack Just the Tip Threeskin...  Oh Jet Black Pope. We went back to Mouse Rat and now we are Scarecrow Boat. God when I hear myself say Scarecrow Boat out loud I kinda hate it...

 Hey Parks Department.
 Hey Mark this is Beth my ex-wife Tammy's better looking sister.
 Nice to meet you.
 Nice to meet you. You guys are together?
 Yep. My ex-wife Tammy cheated on me then we divorced then last week I ran into her sister Beth here turns out she hates Tammy too so we started dating. It's like a fairy tale.
 Tammy stinks.

 Brendanawicz!
 Hey Tom.
 Hey I want you to meet my wife.
 Hi I'm Wendy Haverford.
  Hi. You're...Tom's wife?
 Don't hold it against me.
 Look at how hot she is! Isn't that crazy? And she's a surgeon! She makes a ton of money! BAM!

 This is Derek.
 Cool. How long you guys been dating?
 We're just friends. He's like the gayest person I've ever met but I make out with him when I'm drunk sometimes.
 If you don't want to talk to me you can just say so.
 I don't want to talk to you.
Season 2

Pawnee Zoo 
 Do you think that marrying penguins made some kind of statement?
 Yes. The statement was that you're very lonely and you need a pet.
 This is my boyfriend Derek and this is Derek's boyfriend Ben.
 Hey.
 Hey...oh...wait sorry. What's the situation?
 What do you mean?
 How does this work?
 Derek is gay but he's straight for me but he's gay for Ben and Ben's really gay for Derek. And I hate Ben.
 It's not that complicated.
The Stakeout 
 When Andy and I used to go the movies he would always try to guess the ending of the movie. And he would always guess that the main character had been dead the whole time. Even when we saw Ratatouille.
 I like Ms. Knope. I liked her. I got to say when I first met her I didn't care much for her because like 99% of the people on any given day of my life she was very belligerent and disagreeable. Ms. Knope was attractive to me. As a man I was attracted to her in her demeanor. I was attracted to her in a sexual manner that was appropriate. ...I don't want to talk about this anymore.
Beauty Pageant 
 I had to call in a few favors. But if you don't call in favors to look at women in bikinis and assign them numerical grades what the hell do you call in favors for?
 You know in the 1880's there were a few years that were pretty rough and tumble in Pawnee. This depicts kind of a famous fight between Reverend Bradley and Annabeth Stevenson a widowed mother of seven. The original title of this was A Lively Fisting. But y'know they had to change it for...obvious reasons.
Practice Date 
 I was uh dropping my niece off.
 What's your niece's name?
 Torpel. What?! I don't know. That's not a name. I don't have a niece... my niece's name is Stephanie?
 Hey Mark um a little birdie told me that you have one unpaid parking ticket.
 That's funny because a little birdie told me that your adoptive mother was arrested for marijuana possession.
 Oh snap!
 What?
 You didn't know that huh?
 ...I didn't know I was adopted...
 What if he shows up with another woman? What if one of my sleeves catches on fire and it spreads rapidly? What if instead of Tic-Tacs I accidentally pop a couple of Ambien and I have to keep punching my leg to stay awake?
 Those are all insane hypotheticals and I promise you they won't happen.
 They have happened. All of these have happened to me.

 Uh no there's more. One time I accidentally drank an entire bottle of vinegar. I thought it was terrible wine. Once I went out with a guy who wore 3-D glasses the entire evening. Oh one time I rode in a sidecar on a guy's motorcycle and the sidecar detached and went down a flight of stairs. Another time I went to a really boring movie with a guy and while I was asleep he tried to pull out one of my teeth. I literally woke up with his hand in my mouth. We went out a couple times after that but then he got weird.
Greg Pikitis 
 I passed up a gay Halloween party to be here. Do you know how much fun gay Halloween parties are? Last year I saw three Jonas Brothers make out with three Robert Pattinsons. It was amazing.
 Are you crying?
 I AM NOT CRYING OK? I'M ALLERGIC TO JERKS!
 Check this out. These are all the possible routes from Greg Pikitis' house to the statue.
 That looks like something you would find on the wall of a serial killer.
 In a way that's a compliment. It shows dedication.
Ron and Tammy 
 I have never taken the high road. But I tell other people to 'cause then there's more room for me on the low road.
 We didn't talk. We made love.
 Oh my. Mm. Good. Oh well spare me the details. I'm just happy—
 It was so intense I didn't know where my flesh stopped and hers began. You know what I mean?
 Yeah...
 Our marriage was always a complete disaster but we did have... that. The two of us. It's like doing peyote and sneezing slowly for six hours.
 This seems like a private matter but I'm—
 That woman really knows her way around a penis.
The Camel 
 For my murinal I was inspired by the death of my grandma—
 You said murinal!

 No I didn't.
 Yes you did. You said murinal. I heard it.
 Anyway she—
 Jerry why don't you put that murinal in the men's room so people can murinate all over it?
 Jerry go to the doctor. You might have a murinary tract infection.

 ...Just wanted to show you my art...
 Murinal! Murinal! Murinal!
 Disqualified!

 It's Pointillism. And each dot is a photo of the citizen of the town—
  No one cares! At all!
 Yes we are a team but I am the team leader. So I made a bold  we're playing it safe.
Hunting Trip 
 On a scale from one to Chris Brown how pissed off is he?
 I think this is gonna be a really good bonding experience with Ron. Guys love it when you can show them you're better than they are at something they love.
(After Leslie falsely confesses to shooting Ron on the head the Parks Ranger thinks it all has to do with her being a woman)
Park  So what happened? I mean did you forget to check the entire field? I find a lot of women have problems with tunnel vision.
 No I'm an excellent hunter.
Park  How did you end up shooting a guy in the head then?
 Fair enough. I was walking in the woods and then I tripped and my gun went off.
Park  Ah so you forgot to put the safety on.
 Oh I always have the safety on I mean... While I was tripping I saw a quail and I shot at it.
Park  In mid-trip?
 No. That's. Okay fine. I got that tunnel vision that girls get. That's what happened end of story.
Park  Well I think you're hysterical because of all the excitement obviously. So I'm just not following your story. All right?
  Um I let my emotions get the best of me.
I just I cared too much I guess.
I was thinking with my lady-parts.
I was walking and I felt something icky.
I thought there was gonna be chocolate.
I don't even remember.
I'm wearing a new um bra and it closes in the front and it pop-open and it threw me off.
All I wanna do is have babies!.
Are you single?
I'm just like going through a thing right now.
I guess when my life is incomplete I wanna shoot someone.
This would not happen if I had a penis!
(While putting on lipstick) What?
Bitches be crazy.
I'm good at tolerating pain I'm bad at math and I'm stupid.
Tom's Divorce 
 There is a great dinosaur-themed restaurant in Patterson. It is called Jurassic Fork. I have gone there three times a week for the last 15 years.
 Now that you're getting divorced I sort of feel like there may be some potential with me and Wendy. Would it be okay with you if I asked her out once the fake dust settles?
 Yeah. Why not? Sure.
 Looking at her I feel like she might be the perfect spooning size for me. I'm gonna take a leak.
 This seems like none of our business.
 Be supportive OK? Don't be all like No. I don't want to. I am a guy and I like fire and playing hockey and eating meat. No no says I.
 That was a really good Ron.
 Thank you.
Christmas Scandal 
Bill  Well based on that skit I know you've heard about the new scandal that's about to break. Who told you? Was it the babysitter? Was it the nurse who delivered our love child?
 What?
Bill  Stop playing dumb. You know damn well what happened. I got the babysitter pregnant. And when she was in the delivery room I had sex with not one but four nurses in a supply closet...as well as a woman whose husband was getting a liver transplant. Hmm...Now which one of them told you? Was it the liver lady?
 Wh...I...No one...I haven't...I haven't heard any of this. Ever. In my whole life.
Bill  Oh!
 Believe me I would have remembered this.
Bill  Okay. Well in that case everything I just told you was just a funny prank.
 Got a call from some panicky morning joggers. Apparently sanitation didn't empty this dumpster to the raccoons delight.
 I thought raccoons were supposed to be nocturnal.
 Not in this town sweetheart. In this town they're 24/7. We can't have raccoons for the Christmas thing. They'll hunt the kids for sport.
The Set Up 
 What is your ideal man?
 He has the brains of George Clooney in the body of Joe Biden.
 Ronald I've done it. I've found your assistant and he's dope. His name is Jean-Ralphio. Jean-Ralphio!
Jean- Big T! Mr. Swanson two  one it is an absolute honor to meet you. Two who is that hot intern chick out there? Because honestly daaaaaaamn!
 Uh take a seat.
Jean- Right here we go.
 So Jean-Ralphio...
Jean- You got him right here. Leave a message after the beep.
 Why do I want you as my assistant?
Jean- For starters access to the illest clubs. And that's just for starters. I will work for you. I'll be on you 24/7. I'll be like your family. I'm here when you get here in the morning sure enough I'll be there tucking you into bed at night. Don't worry it's not gay. Do we have questions?
 I think our only question is when can you start?
Jean- Right now. Let's do it.
 Thank you for coming in. We will talk.
Jean- Cool. I feel good about this. Hey you know you can hit me up on Facebook anytime day or night you know that right?
 Take care buddy.
Jean- Boom.
 So what do you think of your new assistant?
 I want to punch you in the face so bad right now.
Leslie's House 
 Justin is hip. Pawnee is the opposite of hip. People in this town are just now getting into Nirvana. I don't have the heart to tell them what's going to happen to Kurt Cobain in 1994.
 Are these peppers for consuming?
Culinary Teacher I wouldn't. They're very hot.
 I'm gonna give it a try.  Mmm hot.
 You're very brave.
 Please. That was one of the tiny ones. 
 Don't do that son.

Sweetums 
 Andy I have a very interesting business proposal for you. I'm moving a lot of heavy stuff out of my place this weekend...
  Can I help you move? I'm really good at it. Afterwards I take the cardboard from the boxes and I use it for breakdancing.
 I'll go too.
 Really? 'Cause an hour ago you told me you'd rather watch a sex tape of your grandparents.
April Shut up. I don't have anything else to do. Do you want help or not?
 Alright. See you guys later.
 I think that that's really really sweet that your grandparents still make love.
 Leslie needs to butt out. The whole point of this country is if you want to eat garbage balloon up to 600 pounds and die of a heart attack at 43 you can. You are free to do so. To me that's beautiful.
Galentine's Day 
 It's not just a job gang. We're gonna learn a lot from these seniors. Some of them have been married for half a century. And no offense but everybody here is terrible at love.  and Jerry who knows.
 I've been happily married for 28 years. You've met my wife Gayle many times.
 Whatever.
 Tommy I just want you to know I'm so grateful for everything you did for me but I only see us as friends.
 For now. But think how much better our friendship would be if we added...doin' it.
Woman of the Year 
 Come on Leslie you know I'm not sexist. I love powerful women.
 You do attend a shocking number of WNBA games.
Jean- What up Big Teeeeeee...stop. This must be the lovely Donna. Enchanté. Listen beautiful let's cut the bull alright? You want this. I definitely want this. T.H. wants this. Let's seal this devil's threeway right here right now. Step  We buy into this club. Step  We roll over to the club either in your Mercedes-Benz or my pre-owned Acura Legend. Step  I dagger you on the dancefloor. Just bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce now all the ladies sayin' bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce. What do you say sexy?
 I'm out.
 Why?!
 I hate that guy.
The Possum 
 Let me explain something to you Tweep. When you're in a situation you don't have time to think. So I thought to myself Don't think Andy. Act.
 So you weren't thinking.
 Not at all. I cannot emphasize enough how little I was thinking.
 What do you mean that Fairway Frank is not here?
 Here's the thing  We're not sure that the possum we caught is in fact Fairway Frank.
 Leslie whoever it is it's a possum. And the sooner it's dead the sooner the mayor can do what he wants with it.
 ...Does he want to have sex with a dead possum?
 No!
 No.
 He's not a monster! He wants to stuff it and hang it above the urinal in his office bathroom so that little flecks of pee can get on it forever.
 Ew.
Park Safety 

 This thing is a mess.
 WE USED TO HAVE THREE CARS ACTUALLY. THE FIRST ONE GOT PUSHED INTO THE CREEK BY SOME KIDS. THE SECOND ONE RACCOONS GOT ONTO. THERE WAS URINE EVERYWHERE. AND THE THIRD ONE WAS RECENTLY STOLEN.
 What’s this one?
 THIS IS THE SECOND ONE. THE RACCOON PISS ONE.
 Why didn’t you just tell everybody the truth?
 Are you kidding me? Imagine what Tom would have said.

 Damn Jerry! You jumped in a creek for a burrito? What’d you do for a Klondike bar? Kill your wife?
Summer Catalog 
 Clarence Carrington David Moser Michael Tansley Ron Swanson. Gathered together on a beautiful day in this beautiful park. I think we should just take a moment and appreciate how lucky we are.
 I thought you were dead Clarence.
 No I'm going to outlive you and then I'm going to nail your wife.
 Screw you you old coot.
 Classic David. You're worse than Ron.
 Shut your damn mouth Tansley.
 OK great let's go!
 So if you had to sleep with one of the old guys who'd it be?
 The super old one.
 Really?
 Mm-hm. I'm an eyebrow girl. I want to make out with him and chew his eyebrows off.
94 Meetings 
 So basically we're completely swamped. All hands on deck.
 I don't even work in this building.
 Don't care. I need anyone with a pulse and a brain to pitch in.
  Ron do you need help with anything?
 No we're good thanks. In fact you can head home early.
 There's no way this ordinance goes through. There's too much red tape.
 Mm. This gridlock drives me nuts.
 Tell me about it.
 Yeah I think you're gonna have to make an end run y'know? Go right to the commissioner on this one.
 You know what? I haven't thought of that. That is a really great idea.
 Yeah?
 I'm gonna do that.
 OK. Your last resort is probably gonna be city council.
 Good luck there!
 My thoughts exactly!

 I have no idea what I was saying.
 Marchtember Oneteenth
Telethon 
 Every year Pawnee Cares teams up with the local cable access station to raise money for diabetes research. And it’s important because Pawnee is the fourth fattest town in the U.S. It goes us Dallas Tulsa and certain parts of the Mall of America.
 I am only here because I owe Leslie a thousand favors. I'm not big on charities. Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Don’t teach a man to fish and you feed yourself. He’s a grown man. Fishing’s not that hard.
 I've been doing some thinking. I'm not gonna ask Ann to move in with me.
 Why is something wrong?
 No I'm gonna ask her to marry me.
 
 I love her and I want a partner and....
  Horseback! You should ask her on horseback. No you should ask her in a hot air balloon...No she should be on a hot air balloon and you should ride up on horseback. Oh wait...she's in a balloon you ride up on horseback you point to the sky - up there skywriting Marry me Ann.
 I think I can figure out the right way to ask her.
 How you ask someone to marry you is a very big deal. I mean they have to repeat that story for the rest of their lives.
 So you think I should do it though?
 Yeah yeah yeah yeah definitely. Can you get five eagles? No get ten eagles.
 Leslie...
 No you're right it's your life get as many eagles as you want.
The Master Plan 
 I take care of my body above all else. Diet exercise supplements positive thinking. Scientists believe that the first human being who will live 150 years has already been born. I believe I am that human being.
Jean- One time I waited outside a woman’s house for five days just to show her how serious I was about wanting to drill her. Turns out it was the wrong house. She loved the story anyway. We got to third base. Over the pants.
Freddy Spaghetti 
 Recently I had been thinking about maybe leaving this job but I felt like I needed a sign. And then Ann broke up with me the week I was going to propose the government got shut down and yesterday one of those pigeons took a  on me. And I was indoors. So...
 I am an official member of a task force dedicated to slashing the city budget. Just saying that gave me a semi.
Season 3

Go Big or Go Home 
 I've been developing the Swanson Pyramid of Greatness for years. It's a perfectly calibrated recipe for maximum personal achievement. Categories include  God's way of determining who is smart and who is poor.  acceptable at funerals and the Grand Canyon. Rage. Poise. Property rights.  for sport only not for meat. Fish meat is practically a vegetable.
 So are you happy to be back at work?
 Well our budget has been slashed to zero. I tried to buy fertilizer the other day for the soccer field. Request denied. We literally can't buy .
The Flu 
 Stop...POOPING.
 That was amazing. That was a flu ridden Michael Jordan at the '97 NBA finals. That was Kirk Gibson hobbling up to the plate and hitting a homer off of Dennis Eckersley. That was... that was Leslie Knope.
 I typed in your symptoms here and it says you might have... network connectivity problems.
  It's not that I don't trust Ben it's that I don't have faith in Ben. Also I'm starting to forget who Ben is.
 I have a resting heart rate of 28 beats per minute. The doctors who studied me said that my heart could literally pump jet fuel up into a jet.
 My body is like a microchip. A grain of sand could destroy it!  My body is a microchip...
  Good evening everyone I'm Leslie Monster and this is Nightline.
 You had me at Meat Tornado.
Time Capsule 
   The Paris of America.  The Akron of Southwest Indiana.  Welcome German soldiers. After the Nazis took France our mayor kind of panicked.  The Factory Fire Capital of America.  Welcome Vietnamese Soldiers.  Engage with Zorp. For a brief time in the 70's our town was taken over by a cult.  Zorp is Dead. Long Live Zorp.  It's Safe To Be Here Now.  Birthplace of Julia Roberts. That was a lie she sued and so we had to change it.  Home of the World Famous Julia Roberts Lawsuit.  Welcome Taliban Soldiers. And finally our current slogan  First in Friendship Fourth in Obesity.
 Oh I love any book about vampires werewolves monsters zombies sorcerers beasties or time-traveling romances. And if I had an hour alone with Robert Pattinson he would forget all about Skinny Legs Magee I’ll tell you that much.
Ron and  Part Two 
 I know Tammy seems scary but really she's just a manipulative psychotic library book pedaling sex crazed she-demon.
Tammy  You're a joke. You're not even a man anymore. Oh and by the way last night I faked four out of the seven.
 So did I.
Media Blitz 
The  Alright switching gears here now we got Leslie Knope and Tom Harverfart and Ben Wyatt and they're in the hizzy to talk about an upcoming event called the Harvest Festival.
 Well The Douche it's a Pawnee tradition and it's where fun meets awesome...meets agriculture. And it is gonna be next month right here in Pawnee and - spoiler alert - it's gonna have the best corn maze ever.
Crazy  You lost your virginity in a corn maze didn't you Douche?
The  Oh that's right - to your mom!

 There's also going to be hay rides.
The  Hey ride me! is what Crazy Ira's mom said.

 China Joe you are a poet!
  Dear April's grandmother. I said grandfather.
 Oh oops. OK.
 You are a beautiful and amazing woman. Man. I hope someday I can become half the woman you are. He's a man. Thank you for the $500. It was five dollars. Enjoy the Mouse Rat CD. He is deaf.
 OK do you want me to make those changes or is it good?
Indianapolis 
 One time when I was in high school a guy's mom called me and broke up with me for him. There was another time where I was on a date and I tripped and broke my kneecap and the guy said he wasn't feeling it so he left and I waited for an ambulance. One time I was dating this guy for a while and then he got down on one knee and he begged me never to call him again. One guy broke up with me while we were in the shower together. Skywriting isn't always positive. Another time a guy invited me to a beautiful picnic with wine and flowers and then when I tried to sit down he said Don't eat anything. Rebecca's coming. And then he broke up with me.
Ann Who's Rebecca?
 Exactly.
 Just give me all the bacon and eggs you have. Wait wait. I'm worried what you just heard was Give me a lot of bacon and eggs. What I said was Give me all the bacon and eggs you have. Do you understand?
Harvest Festival 
Ken  There are two things I know about white people. They love Rachael Ray. And they are terrified of curses.
 Hey I love you.
 Dude shut up! That is awesomesauce!
Camping 
 I just want to get the work over as soon as possible so I can do some fishing. Fishing relaxes me. It's like yoga except I still get to kill something.
 I'm so desperate I even brought in my dream journal hoping it would inspire me.
  I married ALF and we're pretty happy. That sounds nice.
 It was.
Andy and April's Fancy Party 
 Hey gang!
 Hey what did you bring?
 I was in charge of the cake. To be fair it's not a cake so much as it is a vegetable loaf. You got your mushrooms your alfalfa sprouts your spinach and I had it sweetened with fruit reduction.
 But did they ask you to bring a vegtable loaf or a cake?
 No a cake but this is so much healthier.
 So not only does this thing exist but now you have deprived everyone of cake!
 Take a walk Ron.
 Attention everybody! Madams and...mis...wahs? If you would do me the obligation of having your honor heretofore in the room doth right over there uh hence.
 What?
 Big event in that room fifteen minutes.
 Who's to say what works. You know you find somebody you like and you roll the dice. It's all anybody can do.
 I gotta nail the speech so I brought in an  Jean-Ralphio.
Jean- Can I throw something on you see if it feels good?
 Sure.
Jean- OK this is what I would  I would start with a joke. Joke. Vince Vaughn quote obviously.
 Swingers or Crashers?
Jean- Fred Claus. Talk about Andy's ex-girlfriends quote from Love Actually hold back your tears pause...drop the microphone get out of that bitch.
  My sister's pretty lame. I guess I kinda see why Andy would marry her. Also if anyone has seen my grey hoodie I lost it thanks.

 The key to burning an ex-wife effigy is to dip it in paraffin wax and then toss the flaming bottle of isopropyl alcohol from a safe distance. Do not stand too close when you burn an ex-wife effigy.
Soulmates 
 Fresh lettuce is my all-time favorite food. What's your favorite food?
 Oh I take Skittles and I put it between two Starbursts. Know what I call it?
 Skittle Sandwich?
 ...That's pretty good. No I call it Andy's Mouth Surprise. It's nice because the flavor of the Starbursts really bring out a similar flavor in the Skittles.
 'Zerts are what I call desserts. Tray-trays are entrees. I call sandwiches sammies sandoozles or Adam Sandlers. Air conditioners are cool blasterz with a z. I don't know where that came from. I call cakes big ol' cookies. I call noodles long-ass rice. Fried chicken is fri-fri chicky-chick. Chicken parm is chicky chicky parm parm. Chicken cacciatore? Chicky catch. I call eggs pre-birds or future birds. Root beer is super water. Tortillas are bean blankies. And I call forks...food rakes.
 Let’s play a different game. I’m gonna say stuff about me and you say on a scale from one to ten how interested in that thing you are. Ready?
 Okay.
 I love sunshine and fresh air and early morning walks.
 One.
 I’ve read five biographies of Eleanor Roosevelt.
 One.
 I work at the Parks and Rec...
  One.
 That’s what you do.
 One.
 I once kissed a girl in college.
  Eight.
 Where I graduated summa cum laude in History.
 One. Zero. Negative a billion. Don’t talk about it anymore please.
  Here's mine. It's a hamburger made out of meat on a bun with nothing. Add ketchup if you want I couldn't care less.
Jerry's Painting 
 OK everyone SHUT UP AND LOOK AT ME! Welcome to Visions of Nature. This room has several paintings in it. Some are big some are small. People did them and they are here now. I believe that after this is over they'll be hung in government buildings. Why the government is involved in an art show is beyond me. I also think it's pointless for a human to paint scenes of nature when they can just go outside and stand in it. Anyway please do not misinterpret the fact that I am talking right now as genuine interest in art and attempt to discuss it with me further. End of speech.
 That's what you see when you close your eyes at night  topless Leslie glued to a horse!
 Are you eating turkey chili off of a Frisbee?
 Pornography is very difficult to define. In fact it was Justice Stewart who once said I can't define pornography but I know it when I see it.
Perd  Brandi how would you define pornography?
Brandi  For me it's when the penis goes in.
 Yes we're gonna get a dish rack and shower curtains and a cutting board but if you think for one second that I'm not also gonna get that marshmallow shooter so I can shoot you in the face with marshmallows when you're asleep then you're the dumbest woman I know.
  You're going to make me cry.
Eagleton 
 Ron refuses to tell anyone when his birthday is; he's even had it redacted on all government documents. Three years of investigations phone calls Freedom of Information Act requests and I still had nothing. Until a well placed bribe to a gentleman at Baskin Robins revealed... Ron's birthday is on Friday!
 I don't like loud noises and people making a fuss. And I especially don't like people celebrating because they know a piece of private information about me. Plus the whole thing is a  birthdays were invented by Hallmark to sell cards.
 The only thing I'm guilty of is loving Pawnee. And punching Lindsay in the face and shoving a coffee filter down her pants.
The Fight 
 No offense but maybe you think I'm going too fast 'cause you're going too slow with Ben!
 No offense but I'm going slow 'cause I might lose my job!
 No offense but maybe that's a little bit of an excuse for not acting on your feelings!
 No offense but I don't remember you having a nursing degree in feelings!
 Offense! That's rude! I'm gonna go dance. Douche you're up!
The  Mm-hm!
 Hey are you OK? I heard yelling.
 Yeah I'm very angry and I'm really drunk. Do you wanna dance with me? Go get me another snork juice.
 Oh that's maybe not the best idea for you.
 Forget it! Jean-Ralphio!
Jean-  Yes I'm here!
 Dance up on me!
Jean- Yes yes yes!
 This Snake Juice is basically rat poison. Everybody's wasted.

 She didn't even know one thing I didn't even say one thing and then she asked me the whole thing and I didn't even do it once!

 I'm like an elephant OK? If I walk into a room it's like OK he's in there.

 Baba booey.

 Turn this music down.  Farts and poop and love and stuff... macaroni salad...

 

 There's got to be something we can do.  Ben is there something we can do?!

 Damn it Ben's not here...
 You've gotta try role play like me and April.
 ...that explains the costume.
 Yeah like you're her boss and you can't sleep together because sex is forbidden.
 ... That is our actual situation.
 Hello my name is Ron Swanson. Normally I try never to speak with people but I've been drinking this Snake Juice thing and it's damn delicious. You should buy it.
Bar  Yeah okay thanks man.
 Son you should know that my suggestion is essentially a guarantee.  Drink this. Now.
 Leslie we have to go hire a new PR director for the health department.
 Oh my god I'm so hungover. I've never been this hungover.
 I feel great. I ran five K this morning.
 Really?
 No I threw up in the shower.

 Thank you we'll let you know.

 And then our heads will explode and we will die... 
Road Trip 
 It's never too early to learn that the government is a greedy piglet that suckles on the taxpayers' teat until they have sore chapped nipples. ...I'm gonna need a different metaphor to give this nine year old.
 I'm gonna go see a man about some porcelain you know what I mean? I'm not buying cocaine. I'm going to the bathroom. The whiz palace as I like to call it.

 Uh-oh.
The Bubble 
 Ron Swanson!
 Chris you have come up with a plan so spectacularly horrible that it might ruin the entire department.
 Now wait a minute...
 I mean that as a compliment. So it pains me to say  my department has to go back to the way it was.
 Give them time. They'll adjust.
 No they won't. They're miserable. Tom only performs when there's someone to impress so marooning him on freak island isn't helping anyone. And you made April assistant to everyone? You know who April hates? Everyone. And Jerry can only function if no one is looking. You shine a light on him and he shrinks up faster than an eskimo's scrotum.
 That's very perceptive Ron. And very graphic.
 When life gives you lemons make lemonade. I read that one on a can of lemonade. I like to think it applies to life.
 This spaceship keyboard is driving me crazy! I'm down to one word a minute. And the word is 'perfishisklep'.
Li'l Sebastian 
 How did you find out?
 We've worked together for a while now. I'd like to think I know you pretty well. Plus Ben butt-dialed me last night.

  OK OK and this is how Eleanor Roosevelt would kiss.
  Whoa Eleanor likes the tongue. Show me Pelosi again.
  OK lay down...

 Please tell me you hung up before Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
 Unfortunately not.
 Ugh.
 This is a scandal waiting to happen. If you get caught which you CLEARLY will Chris will fire you and I won't be able to stop him.
 Ron we're being very careful.

  Oh President Reagan my blazer popped open.
  Well Maggie Thatcher let me help you with that. Our countries have had a very special relationship.
 OK yes...
  Oh no!
 ...You've proven your point.
Tammy  Guess I'll be heading home.
 Catching the number 12 bus to Satan's butthole?
Tammy  Actually I prefer the number 69 train to Humpsville station.
 Red alert Swanson! Your ex-wife's back!
 No kidding Donna.
 Not her. The other ex-wife.
 ...Tammy One?
 She's in your office.

Tammy  Oh Shit! 
 What's the point of doing 10000 pushups a week if you have no one to do them with. I'd much rather do 5000 pushups with a lovely woman... sitting on my back to increase my resistance.
 I have cried twice in my life. Once when I was 7 and was hit by a bus and again when I learned that L'il Sebastian had passed.
 When I walked in this morning and saw the flag at half mast I thought 'Great. Another bureaucrat ate it.' But when I found out it was Li'l Sebastian  that flag is too high. Show some damn respect!
Season 4

I'm Leslie Knope 

 Knope follow me.
 Just one second.
 NOW.

 Ron! Hey whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa Ron-Ron-Ron-Ron-Ron what's going on?
 My ex-wife is back.

 Yeah I saw her in the courtyard.
 No my other ex-wife Tammy - Tammy One.

 I have accrued 228 personal days. Starting now I am using all of them. While I'm gone you're in charge.

 Also I keep a sizable supply of ground chuck in my desk. Remove it or it will begin to smell. Godspeed.

Perd  There you have it where it is the thing Leslie Knope just said about this situation.
Dr.   That man has the largest penis I have ever seen. I actually don't even know if he has mumps; forgot to look. I was distracted by the largest penis I have ever seen.
Ron and Tammys 
 OK you know what? Let's cut the crap. Is this audit even real?
Tammy  In a sense yes but in another truer sense no it is not. I want Ronald back. But I had to learn about his finances to make sure my future was protected. I'm impressed. He's acquired quite a bit of gold...
 You gold digger! You are literally a gold digger!
 Basically we are being attacked by Godzilla and to beat Godzilla we need Mothra. No offense.
Tammy  None taken. I'm very flattered.
Tammy  It's time to settle this.
Tammy  Ah an old fashioned prairie drink-off.

 Ugh what's in that jug? It smells like jet fuel!
 That's Swanson family mash liquor. Made from the finest corn ever grown on American soil. It's only legal use is to strip varnish off of speed boats.
Tammy  If you win he's all yours and if I win I bring him back to the farm for good.
 Wait what? That wasn't the deal!
Tammy  Pour it. I'm thirsty.
 Pour me one too then. Let me in here! I'm gonna join you and if I win Ron stays here with us.
 Leslie no don't drink that. We use it to burn warts off of the mules!

 ...POISON! I made a mistake. I made a mistake.

 She's had enough!
Tammy  That's not how it works. She's out.
 Wait I'm subbing in.
 April don't. That stuff will melt the shell off of a snail.
 I'm Puerto Rican I can handle it.

  FUCK! OH MY GOD!
Born and Raised 
 Welcome to Thoughts For Your Thoughts. I'm Derry Murbles filling in for David Parker who took off for 8 months to study the migration patterns of our nation's squirrels. He has not been heard from since.
 Drink up Tom. I'm gonna go powder my nose... amongst other things... if you know what I mean.
 Is she going to powder her vagina?
 I wrote a book. The First Historical Guide to Pawnee. I wrote it as a reference for myself but then my campaign advisors said we should make it a big wide release. So we had people contribute we added pictures and we removed a lot of my poems and emotional ramblings and pictures of unicorns and here it is!
 So Ben tell us about Star Trek.
 Well they're making a sequel.  I assume with the same alternate storyline but if they expect us to believe that the sexual tension is between Uhura and Spock and not Kirk then well lets just say the message boards are on fire.

  You know what I wanna do? I wanna take you both home bend you the  over and  at the same time.
Pawnee Rangers 
 What is wrong with you today? Did they cancel Game of Thrones?
 Nothing is wrong just do your job. And they would never cancel Game of Thrones. It's a crossover hit. It's not just for fantasy enthusiasts they're telling human stories in a fantasy world.
 Relaxation lesson number  acupuncture. It's great for your back and your rear. Needles in your face pleasure in yo' base.
Meet N Greet 
 Hey Ron good to see ya! Weren't you a pirate last year?
 Yes. This is my Halloween costume.
 Look I don't like to throw around the word butthead often. If you call everyone a butthead it kind of loses its impact. But I can say without hesitation that Tom is being a real dick.
End of the World 
 Well Entertainment 720 is dead. It's up in company heaven along with Pets.com Blockbuster and Ask Jeeves. My company is no better than a company where you ask a fake butler to Google things for you.
 What religion am I? Well I'm a practicing none of your  business.
The Treaty 
 I need a few more volunteers. Andy will you be Iceland?
 The bad guys from Mighty Ducks 2? Don't think so.
 OK how about Japan?
 The bad guys from Karate Kid 2? Even worse. How about Germany? They've never been the bad guys.
 It's a white flag and you better start waving it now Leslie!
 The only thing I'll be waving is your decapitated head on a stick in front of your weeping mother!
 ...Good Lord.
Smallest Park 
 I value a good education so I don't want to see Andy waste his time in college. Of all my co-workers he's one of a small number whom I don't actively root against. Ah there I go getting all sappy.
 I'm just freaking out. The only thing we have left is work and now he doesn't want to work together anymore. What does that all mean?
 I think you know what it means.
 Yeah. I should just drag out that tiny park project for as long as possible so Ben and I can keep working together.
 That's almost exactly the opposite of what I meant.
 No what I'll do is I'll get the neighborhood all riled up and then maybe they'll ask for an environmental impact report and then Ben and I will work together for at least another year. Good idea Ann.
 Leslie for God's sakes...
 No Ann please I beg of you will you just shut your beautiful pie hole? Just sit there and let me stare are at you while you silently support me on this gameplan.
 Leslie...
  Shh Ann...
 Leslie...
Your quiet support means the world to me as does your tacit endorsement of all my behaviors.
The Trial of Leslie Knope 
 Tom will you please tell the committee why we were kissing?
 An online dating site randomly paired us up so as a joke I thought it would be funny to pretend you and I were dating. And then you kissed me as a joke to shut me up.
 But we never had any other romantic contact after that?
 No that would be like dating my older sister's elderly aunt.
 Ms. Swanson do you - as you claimed - have evidence that links Leslie Knope and Ben Wyatt to law-breaking?
Tammy  Absolutely. I have several photographs that will defintively prove...
 May I remind you that you are under oath and if you lie I will fire you and have you prosecuted.
Tammy  Nothing! They will defintively prove nothing. Oh you cut me off. I don't have any evidence! Oh Chris so silly. OK bye guys! Leslie have fun with this trial. Yay!
Citizen Knope 
Ann : Your campaign advisors quit. Big deal. You're running for city council again Leslie. With our help.
 April Ludgate. Youth Outreach and Director of New Media.
 Tom Haverford. Image Consultant Swagger Coach.
 Ann Perkins. Office Manager and Volunteer Coordinator.
 Andy Dwyer. Security Sweets Body Man Javelin if need be.
 Donna Meagle. Transpo' AKA rides in my Benz.
 Wh...You guys didn't tell me we were doing this. I did not know I was supposed to come up with something. I...
 Ron Swanson. Any other damn thing you might need.
 Guys it's so much work. I can't ask you to put your lives on hold.
 Find one person here who you haven't helped by putting your life on hold.
  I don't know what to say...except let's go win an election!
 Welcome Mr. Saperstein.
Jean- Thanks so much!
 I will just show you to your cubicle.
Jean- I can't wait. I bet it's a big one huh Barney?
 The temp agency said that you are fluent in QuickBooks Pro correct?
Jean- Oh right yeah we should cover that. Y'see my resume might not actually be accurate right? So I have no idea what you're talking about. Don't know what QuickBooks are.
 You don't have any accounting experience?
Jean- No no no Barney c'mon. But you don't have to be an accountant to know that this girl is a 10. Yo what up Diaz? Come here often?
 To my job?
Jean- Oh sharp mouth on her also. Shut it.
 Is this the new temp who's supposed to help me with the spreadsheets?
Jean- You wanna talk about spreading the sheets we can go back to my place and I will rock your—
 You're fired!
Jean- That makes sense. So I just go out the same way I came in?
The Comeback Kid 
 Ann you beautiful tropical fish.
 It's true. I no longer have highly trained professional campaign managers. So what? Are most murders committed by highly trained professional assassins? No they're committed by friends and coworkers! ...That analogy was way better in my head.
Campaign Ad 
 He is attractive and charming and his family employs half the town. But so what? I am a lifelong government bureaucrat who's well versed in the issues. And those are the kind of sexy qualifications that win elections.
 Thank you John for coming in. The Public Works department is wonderful and you are the best idea man in the business.
 Also we're cancelling all of your ongoing projects.
 What? What about the Pawnee River dam?
 Dam's dead. Have a nice day.
 Where will all the water go?
 Wherever it's headed now. The important thing is the dam is never happening and your dream has been crushed.
 We're very sorry.
 I am not. Good meeting.
Bowling For Votes 
 Is everybody feeling good?
 Oh I don't know Jerry. It's Sunday night I'm making phone calls to strangers and you're in my house. My life couldn't be worse.
  Straight down the middle. No hook no spin no fuss. Anything more and this becomes figure skating.
 When I eat it's the food that's scared.
Operation Ann 
 April hates Valentine's Day. And brunch and outside and smiling.  She's weird.
 Hey Kris Kross can we change up the music? It kinda sounds like the end of a movie about a monk who killed himself.
 It is.
 I'm sorry I was talking to these ribs.
Dave Returns 
 Look Knope I've always liked you but the Newports run this town and frankly they've donated a lot of money to the department.
 Mo' money mo' problems that's what I always say.
 How about mo' money mo' protective kevlar vests that save lives?
 I-I...sometimes I say that too.
 I understand you need to think about it but if you were gonna make a decision...
 The guys are throwing me a little retirement thing tonight at O'Flinigans. There's gonna be beer so why don't you swing by I'll give you an answer. Weirdo can come too.
 Alright.
 Let's go.
 Oh hey uh may I say...
 Don't.
 ...that the boys in blue...
 Stop.
 ...are heroes. Obviously some more than others. Oh boy here it comes........9/11.
 And we're walking.
 OK.
 Uh yes uh Leslie Knope is a female person with whom I was uh involved. We had  romantic...romantical involvement until I relocated to San Diego. Which is a...that's uh in California which is southwest of here by a number of miles so uh we terminated our involvement at that time.
Sweet Sixteen 
 We're not big on hospitality. The Meagles are a cold people.
 Never half-ass two things. Whole-ass one thing.
Campaign Shake-Up 
 Not enough ramps is the number three complaint among Pawnee seniors right behind Everything hurts and I'm dying.
 It reminds me of when my dad made me choose which of my pet calves to slaughter with my own hands for my 6th birthday. I couldn't choose so I slaughtered both of them. And they were delicious.
Lucky 
 It says nympho on the butt in silver sparkly letters. Nympho means you're addicted to sex and since it's on the butt there are other implications as well. So those are a maybe.
 Why are you here eating alone?
 I'm not. I'm surrounded by friends. Friends I don't know yet. And I'm engrossed in this book. It's the true story of a woman born with no arms and no legs who attempted to swim the English Channel.
 That's impossible.
 Oh she drowned immediately. It's kind of a sad story.
Live Ammo 
 I've gotten to know the city councilmen pretty well because of my campaign. If you hear them talking about that blonde pain in the ass that's me.
 Now if you'll excuse me there's a hot spinning cone of meat in that Greek restaurant next door. I don't know what it is but I'd like to eat the whole thing.
The Debate 
 If I had to have anybody tell me that I have cancer I would want it to be me.
 So you do a lot of investing?
 We dabble. I recently invested in some shirts at a garage sale. Left those at a Wendy's on the way home so...  The economy.
Bus Tour 
 He's just playing hard ball. Let me tell you how it's going to go  In a few minutes we'll walk in there we'll give him our demands and then BAM I start crying.
 From now on we will be using code names. You can address me as Eagle One. Ann code  Been There Done That. April is Currently Doing That. Donna is It Happened Once In A Dream. Chris code  If I Had To Pick A Dude. Ben is Eagle Two.
 Oh thank God.
Win Lose or Draw 
 Last night at approximately 30am I woke up from a dream that felt so real it had to be a premonition. Me Drake and the T-Mobile girl were playing baccarat on a private jet. Ann Perkins walks up to me and says Tommy tomorrow night I'm taking you back. Then Blue Ivy Carter high-fived me and gave me $40 million dollars. It was all so real.
 Your victory speech Councilwoman Knope.
 Someday when I'm more emotionally stable I want to read the concession speech you wrote for me.
 I never wrote it.
 City Council bitches!
Season 5

Ms. Knope Goes to Washington 
 You OK boss?
 No not really. I know I should be focusing on this cleanup but all I think about is Ben laughing in a helicopter with Hot Rebecca.
 Who's Hot Rebecca?
 She's just this jealousy amalgam I created.  I combined all of the giant dark-haired smartphone power goddesses into one woman called Hot Rebecca.
 Oooh.
 I mean Ben's life is filled with senators and briefings and Super PACs. I can't even get a meeting with some bureaucrat.
  I don't even know what a bureaucrat is. Everything is gonna be fine with you and Ben because if I know Ben he too is an amalgam.
 No.
 Yeah. Point is you're better than Hot Rebecca. You're Kickass Leslie. Long distance relationships are never easy but you never ever give up on stuff.
 Thanks.
 That's what makes you...
 Nope.
 ...an amalgam. Nailed it.
 Your work is appreciated. Eat some corn.
Soda Tax 
 Well Paunch Burger just recently came out with a new 128 ounce option. Most people call it a gallon but they call it the Regular. Then there is a horrifying 512 ounce version that they call Child Size. How is this a child size soda?
 Well it's roughly the size of a two-year old child if the child were liquified. It's a real bargain at $1.59.
 I'm never gonna be a cop. I'm gonna have to be a robber.
How a Bill Becomes a Law 
 Are you busy? And writing Star Trek fan fiction doesn't count.
 Ha. ...And I finished that last week.
 The perm must wait Autumn. THE...PERM...MUST...WAIT.
Sex Education 
Halloween Surprise 
 I'm just saying you should have put spoiler alert on all those death canoe tweets. Also not safe for work. You know a lot of what you wrote was really profane.
  That movie's 25 years old Morris. And if you don't like how I tweet don't follow me.
 What are you doing now? I'm talking to you.
 I'm live tweeting this dumbass conversation.
Ben's Parents 
 If there's anyone who can bring my parents together its NO ONE. No one can bring my parents together.
 I'm so happy I want to shout it from the rooftops!
 And she has. We've gotten several noise complaints/
 We're getting married!!
 All right.
Leslie vs. April 
 I can never tell if people are lying to me. I hope that doesn't come up in my police work
 Just call me Municipal Bond
Pawnee Commons 
 I started working on something very important. Can you help me?
 Yes sir.
 (To the camera) Its a flight of stairs leading nowhere.
 I don't know if you knew this but Leslie was born in Eagleton.
 Do not blame me for the sins of my mother!
Ron and Diane 
 I'm allergic to sushi. Every time I eat more than 80 pieces I throw up.
 Merry Congratuchristmas!
 What?
 It's cold outside and I can't wear mittens because they're not flattering to my hands!
Two Parties
 To Tom Haverford! Wooo!
 And to my wife Rihanna! We truly did find love in a hopeless place
 Anything that can be penis shaped will be penis shaped!
Women in Garbage 
 I can't keep referring to basketball players as Khloe Kardashian's husband and his friends.
 You know what? I think men are better than women.
 She's kidding
 No I'm not. they provide for us and we must obey them because they are our masters.
 You are officially a baller.
 I've been a baller since birth son. Now I'm an athlete.
 Jerry. I never thought I would say this but I am so glad you're here.
 It's not that bad. Nobody got hurt.
 It's extremely bad! I love this woman and I just wanna show her that I'm capable of watching her children without something horrible happening.  What?!
 Did you just say you love Diane?
 No. I did not.
 Yes you did! That is so cute!
 For god's sake Hanson will you please focus on the larger problem?
Ann's Decision 
 Ann is giving up on love and deciding to have a baby with herself. And she has only been dating herself for six weeks. If she was dating a guy for six weeks and they decided to have a kid I'd be like Congratulations Ann... and Channing Tatum. Because that is the only scenario that would make sense to me.
 There's been a mistake. You've accidentally given me the food that my food eats.
  Tom what about you?
 Caterer number one's presentation was simple mm yet exhausting. Number two's was subtle and provocative like a coy dutch woman guarding a dark secret.
 Nothing you're saying is helpful.
 But number three's told a story- a story from a book I wouldn't read but I would watch the movie of.
 That's nonsense.
 So tomorrow I lead a public forum in Leslie's Fleetwood Mac sex pants.
 Fleetwood Mac sex pants. New band name. I call it.  Ooh you know what? Maybe just Fleetwood Mac.
 It smells like some vomit took a dump in here.
  I didn't eat those stupid mini-calzones. Haver-Food rule number six- Never eat anything with a sauce I have to dip myself. Drizzle it on for me. I'm not your maid.
Emergency Response 
 Damnit Jamm. I should have had animal control kill you.
Animal  Huh.. Who do you want me to kill...I'll kill them.
 The tables showed up which is good but there are no chairs which is bad.
  The next thing you'll want to do is ditch the terrier and get yourself a proper dog. Any dog under 50 pounds is a cat and cats are pointless. Come to the Gala. Next caller.
Grapes of Wrath chocolate-chip ice cream and Johnny Cash.
Don't trust big banks or small banks. Banks are ponzi schemes run by morons.
Your house isn't haunted. You're lonely.
Whatever happened to Hey I have some apples. Would you like to buy them? Yes thank you. That's as complicated as it should be to open a business in this country.
I've seen three movies in my  Bridge on the River Kwai Patton and Herbie Fully Loaded. My girlfriend's kids love it. It's pretty funny. Next caller.
 How did you get the word out?
 Well Ron went on Joan's show and kicked ass.
 I also helped a child perform a tracheotomy on his elderly uncle. It's been a very rewarding day.
 Love? Love fades away. But things? Things are forever.
Leslie and Ben 
 Did you just pee your pants?
 Just a dab.
 You nasty Jerry.
 I hate to say this but Ann Perkins has terrible taste in rings.
 When I heard Leslie was getting married I was all to Ben or to Game of Thrones.
 Nooooo... Jerry!
  How's it looks.
 Terrible. And perfect. I promised myself I was not going to cry tonight. And I have already broken that promise five times. But I will not... break it a sixth.
 Go ahead and let it out buddy. It's okay.
 I have something for you.
 All right.
 It is the letter from the statehouse... telling us that we have been assigned to Pawnee. Dated May 1st 2010.
  No way.
 We were supposed to be here eight weeks. I'm so happy that those eight weeks turned into three years and that you met Leslie and that we both found a home.
 Damn it you're transferring your crying thing over to me.
 It's okay buddy let it out. 
  Your friendship means a lot to me. And you look very beautiful.
 People who buy things are suckers.
Correspondents' Lunch 
 Ah who am I going to do? I just opened a can of whoop ass on myself!
 I wish this office was just walls.
Bailout 
 Before I write that letter you have to spend a whole week doing everything I say.
 So what I have to be your slave or something?
 No you have to be my friend
 Ugh that's so much worse.
 You're a smart successful young man with an adorable belly.
Partridge 
 Last year I won an organic gardening contest.
 Who were you competing against?
 My own taste buds.
 There's only one thing I hate more than  skim milk which is water that's lying about being milk
 May I say for the record that is a dope pocket square
 HIs nickname around the office is Softypants Mchuggable.
 We should sue Jamm's parents for spawning a human turd burger.
Animal Control 
 How many drinks of alcohol do you consume a week?
 One.
 That's it? One drink?
 One shelf.
 Do you exercise?
 Yes. Lovemaking and woodworking.
 Do you have any history of mental illness in your family
 I have an uncle who does yoga.
 Allergies?
 Cowardice and weak willed man....and hazelnuts
 Sexual History?
 Epic and Private
 Pop quiz. Name the scent.
 Ummm Spasm. No Butterface.
 Hello Orin. Thank you so much for applying now leave.
 Hey give him a chance.  What makes you qualified for animal control?
 I studied zoology in college and I can control animals with my mind.
 Get out.
 I made you say that. 
 I liked him.
 April I got a present for you. 
 I don't like lotion. I like my hands to be cracked and calloused like a railway worker.
 I know. I filled the bottles with fake blood vinegar and mud.
  Really? Thanks.
Article Two 
 Normally if given a choice between doing something and nothing I'd choose to do nothing. But I will do something if it helps someone else do nothing. I'd work all night if it meant nothing got done.
 Stop bidding on my waffle iron.
 You're futuremrstigerwoods?
 I made that profile like ten years ago. I don't know how to change it. The point is I'm getting that waffle iron for Leslie for Breakfast Day.
 Uh no you're not. I'm getting it for her for Waffle Day. Wait you have a breakfast day too? Mine's in June.
 Please Ben. This is the celebration of the anniversary of the first time we hung out at JJ's which she considers the beginning of our friendship.
 Well imagine being married to her. It's like being smothered with a hand-quilted pillow filled with cherished memories. I can't believe I'm complaining about how thoughtful my wife is.  Sorry honey. I love you.
 Look I have known her for longer I have five years' worth of anniversaries so I have seniority.
 Oh god. Oh no! We've lost the auction.
 What- no!
 Somebody swooped in at the last second and now we're both screwed.
 No! Okay Tyrion Lannister why don't you just cast a spell and get us the waffle iron back?
 Oh okay. I don't even have time to tell you how wrong you are.  Actually it's gonna bug me if I don't. The Lannisters while very wealthy do not possess the magical abilities of say the warlocks of Qarth for example.
 This is why we don't hang out.
 One time my refrigerator stopped working and I had no idea what do to! I just moved.
 There are only three ways to motivate  money fear and hunger.
 I keep getting outbid by someone call Tall Tyrion Lannister. What kind of name is that?
 Are you kidding me? Tyrion Lannister? Lord of Casterly Rock? The half man? You don't watch Game of Thrones?
 No do you?
 Hell yeah! Have you seen those Dothraki dudes? They can get it! Everyone on that show can get it!
 My spirit blood is on your hands.
Jerry's Scrapbook 
 Ron ask me if I am sad.
 No
 Andy will never be the new Jerry. Nothing embarrasses him. He is like a giant puppy with no shame.
 I'm gonna buy some sweat pants and a Nicholas Sparks novel. Might as well lean into it.
 
 Welcome to the real world. It sucks. You’re gonna love it!


 Oh… my… God!


 How long do cats live? Like assuming you don’t throw ‘em under a bus or something?


 You know how you come home at the end of the day and throw your jacket on a chair?
 Yeah.
 Well instead of a jacket it’s a pile of garbage. And instead of a chair it’s a pile of garbage. And instead of the end of the day it’s the end of time and garbage is all that has survived.


 Guys guess what?!
 Ok the fifth dentist caved and now they’re ALL recommending Trident?


 WHOOOPAH!


 Sure I peed on her. And if I had to I’d pee on any one of you!


 He must decide. He must decide. Even though I made him up he must decide!


 Here come the meat sweats…


 Wow you guys sure have a lot of books about being a lesbian.
 Well you know you have to take a course. Otherwise they don’t let you do it.


 All right kids I gotta get to work. If I don’t input those numbers… it doesn’t make much of a difference.


 Well I’m sorry if I’m not a middle-aged black woman. And I’m also sorry if sometimes I go to the wrong audition.


 Hey Ross I got a science  If the homo sapiens were in fact HOMO sapiens…is that why they’re extinct?
 Joey homo sapiens are PEOPLE.
 Hey I’m not judgin’!


 Come on Ross you’re a paleontologist dig a little deeper.


 Yemen Road Yemen.


 Wait what are you doing?
 Getting dressed.
 Why?
 Well when I walk outside naked people throw garbage at me.


 THIS IS BRAND NEW INFORMATION!


 Yeah I definitely don’t like the name Ross
 What a weird way to kick me when I’m down.


 It’s a moo point. It’s like a cow’s opinion; it doesn’t matter. It’s moo.


 Uh uh we’ll flip for it ducks or clowns.
 Oh we’re gonna flip for the baby?
 You got a better idea?
 All right call it in the air.
 Heads.
 Heads it is.
 Yess! Whoo!
 We have to assign heads to something!
 Right okay okay uhhh ducks is heads because ducks…have heads.
 What kinda’ scary-ass clowns came to your birthday!?


 I remember the day I got my first paycheck there was a cave-in in one of the mines.
 Phoebe you worked in a mine?
 No I worked in a Dairy Queen.


 You could not be any more wrong. You could try but you would not be successful.


 You’ve been BAMBOOZLED!


 Man this is weird. You ever realize Captain Crunch’s eyebrows are actually on his hat?
 You think that’s what’s weird? Joey the man’s been captain of a cereal for the last years.


 Paper…snow…..a ghost!!!


 Chandler entered a Vanilla Ice look-alike contest and WON!
 Ross came fourth and CRIED!


 Condoms?
 We don’t know how long we’re gonna be stuck here. We might have to repopulate the world.
 And condoms are the way to do that?


 Chandler wrote something about me on that paper and I want to see it!
 Chandler isn’t that the short story you were writing?
 Short story? And I’m in it? I want to read it!
Ross Joey  NO!
 Why don’t you read it to her?
 It was summer… and it was hot. Rachel was there… A lonely grey couch…OH LOOK! cried Ned and then the kingdom was his forever. The End.


 So uh what did the insurance company say?
 Oh they said uh You don’t have insurance here so stop calling us.


 Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man. Just stop calling.


 So basically you get your ya-yas from taking money from all of your friends?
 Yeah.
 Yes and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself but they cost a little less so…


 My motto is get out before they go down.
 That is so not my motto.


 Oh are you setting Ross up with someone? Does she have a wedding dress?


 Hey Mon look I’m melting butter.
 That’s great Rach. You now have the cooking skills of a hot day.


 Je m’appelle Claude
 Jet aplee blooo


 I’m not so good with the advice. Can I interest you in a sarcastic comment?


 I swear to god Dad. That’s not how they measure pants!


 Hey you know what I just realized? ‘Joker’ is ‘poker’ with a ‘J’. Coincidence?
 Hey that’s ‘joincidence’ with a ‘C’.


 Just because she went to Yale drama she thinks she’s like the greatest actress since since sliced bread!
 Ah Sliced Bread a wonderful Lady MacBeth.


 Suppose we’re a divorced couple.
 Okay.
 And I got custody of the kid right? Now suppose the kid dies and I gotta buy a new kid.


 Raspberries? Good. Ladyfingers? Good. Beef? GOOD!


 Chandler. I sensed it was you.
 What?
 ‘Unagi.’ I’m always aware.
 Are you aware that unagi is an eel?


Phoebe  Danger!
 AHHHHHHHH!
 Ah salmon skin roll.


 Okay is everybody clear? We’re gonna pick it up and move it. All we need is teamwork okay? We’re gonna lift the car… and slide it out. Lift… and slide.
 Ross I really don’t think…
 Lift… and slide.


 Could I BE wearing any more clothes?


 JOEY DOESN’T SHARE FOOD.


 Hey just so you  it’s NOT that common it DOESN’T happen to every guy and it IS a big deal!
 I KNEW it!


 They’re still not coming on man! And the lotion and the powder have made a paste!


 Fine! Judge all you want but married a lesbian left a man at the alter fell in love with a gay ice dancer threw a girl’s wooden leg in a fire LIVE IN A BOX!


 pi-VOT! 
