Think of me as Yoda only instead of being little and green I wear suits and I’m awesome. I’m your  I’m Broda!


God it’s me Barney. Wha dup? I know we don’t talk much though a lot of girls call out your name because of me.


This is the time of year when we remember the importance of giving. And there’s no greater gift than the gift of booty. So this holiday season why not bang someone in need?


There are only two reasons to date a girl you’ve already  breast implants.


See that woman nursing a Black Russian? She's about to chase that with a White American.


Can't talk my way out of a speeding ticket? I am Barney Stinson master of manipulation. If I can talk a stripper into paying me for a lap dance I can talk my way out of a speeding ticket.


When will you learn that the only difference between my life and porno is my life has better lighting?


The Best of Barney Stinson


Trust me when I tell you their universal healthcare system doesn't cover breast implants. If I have to sit through one more flat-chested Nova Scotian riding a Mountie on the back of a Zamboni I'll go oot of my mind.


Girls are like cartons of milk. Each one has a hotness expiration date and you've hit yours. I'm not saying the occasional guy won't still go to the fridge open you up take a sniff shrug and take a sip  but it's all downhill from here.


I feel like I've done so much good I have a ‘soul boner’.


 Wow you have Enormous Penis Syndrome? I’ve never heard of that.

 Yeah that’s the problem with EPS – lack of awareness. That’s why I’m organising a 10K fun run. Of course many of us will need wheelbarrows…


No part of Barney Stinson does anything less than 110 per cent. If one of my little Michael Phelps’ has got loose he’s swimming for a Gold.


Jingle Bells  Pulling down her pants yanking off my own underneath the mistletoe I’ll make your sister moan oh…

We Wish You A Merry Christmas I wish I could see her naked I wish I could see her naked I wish I could see her naked and down on all fours.


That's what corporate America  people who seem like bold risk takers but never actually do anything.


Barney's video resume - would you employ this man?


This what you’re doing right now? It’s giving me a de-rection.


You are in the heart of Bachelor Country. And as a woman you are an illegal immigrant here. Now you could try to apply for a sex visa but that only lasts 12 hours... 14 if you qualify for multiple entry.


With great penis comes great responsibility.


If I could nail any celebrity it would have to be Scarlett Johansson. She's hot she's talented and any woman who does that many Woody Allen movies has to have major daddy issues.


Can I have your phone number? It’s for the bride.


I only smoke on certain  post-coital when I'm with Germans - sometimes the two overlap - coital that time of year the Mets are mathematically eliminated pre-coital and – wait for it 'cause I sure have – pregnancy scares.


I invest in women who - how can I put this delicately? - they fat! I give them the attention they don't get now and when they get hot who do they come to? The guy who gave them attention back when they weren't.


Soon you will become a henpecked beaten-down shell of a man. Tonight we are having a no-holds-barred celebration of brohood; a broing away party; a bro-choice rally; Brotime At The Apollo.

 


Open your brain-tank bra 'cause here comes some premium 91 octane knowledge. There are three rules of  It's not cheating if you're not the one who's married it's not cheating if her name has two adjacent vowels and it's not cheating if she's from a different area code. You're fine on all three counts.


 My oh my there are some ferocious looking cutlets here tonight. OK hook-up  Find a cutlet lock her in early grind with her all night 'till she's mine.

 Do these strategies ever work for you?

 The question is do these strategies ever not work for me? Either way the answer's about half the time.


I am Mr Charity. I frequently sleep with sixes chubsters and over 30's. I am the Bill and Melinda Gates of the sympathy bang.


It’s gonna be legen – wait for it and I hope you’re not lactose intolerant because the second half of that word is… dairy!


Being single is like a post-apocalyptic wasteland where it's every man for himself. After nine years of captivity that is my greatest lesson to you.


You don't bring a date to a wedding. That's like taking a deer carcass on a hunting trip.


 

On a booty call you barely even have to talk. At 9pm you say ‘Hey babe it's Barney. Are you busy tonight? Sweet see you in a half an hour.’ But the later it gets the fewer words you need. 12am it’s ‘Barney! Busy? Sweet.’ And by three in the morning you just text ‘?’


The rules for dating are the same as the rules for Gremlins. Rule  Never get them  in other words don't let her shower at your place. Rule  Keep them away from  ie never see them during the day. Rule  Never feed them after  meaning she doesn't sleep over and you don't have breakfast with her. Ever!


There are so many things to do with the human mouth. Why waste it on talking?


I'm going out of this world the same way I came into it - buck naked! It's going to be awesome. Open bar for the guys open casket for the ladies…


 Excuse me did I sleep with you and then screw you over?

 No I don't think so.

 Dammit! In that case would you like to go out?


There are only three things I would  the stubborn clasp of a bra a paternity suit - nine for 10 - and the urge to vomit whenever I see someone wear brown shoes with a black suit.


You've been pork free so long you're practically kosher.


Barney confesses his love for Robin


Please you might as well be dog-earing a tear stained bridal magazine while wolfing down the box of chocolates you had delivered to yourself at work from your fiancé that no one has ever met.


 The three days rule is stupid. I propose a new rule the ‘You like her you call her’ rule.

 I'm sorry I don't speak ‘I never get laid’.


FYI men don't care. They just want to get to the green they don't mind going through the rough.


The camera loves me. More than loves  the camera lusts me. The camera wants to put on some nice lingerie pop in an Al Green CD dim the lights and do me as I lie there with my eyes closed.


Daddy’s home…

 Am I going to tell them? No I am not going to tell them. I don't see the point of that. As a doctor you would not tell a patient if they had cancer.
 
  Jim is gone. He's gone. I miss him so much. Ooooh I cry myself to sleep Jim!  False. I do not miss him.
 
 I'm a deer hunter. I go all the time with my dad. One thing about deer they have very good vision. One thing about me I am better at hiding than they are... at vision.
 
 OK do me. Something stereotypical so I can get it really quick.
 OK I like your food.
 Outback steakhouse.  I'm Australian mate!
 Pam come on. "I like your food." Come on stir the pot. Stir the melting pot Pam! Let's do it. Let's get ugly. Let's get real.
 OK. If I have to do this based on stereotypes that are totally untrue that I do not agree with you would maybe not be a very good driver.
 Oh man am I a woman?
 
  Are you Mother Goose?
 
 You know what? You have forfeited that privilege. I have tried to treat you all as adults but obviously I am the only adult here. Number one inverted penis.
 Could you mean vagina? Because if you do I want that covered.
 I thought your vagina was removed during your hysterectomy?
 A uterus is different from a vagina. I still have a vagina.
 
 Wait. What are you writing? Don't write Ebola or mad cow disease. Right? 'Cause I'm suffering from both.
 I'm inventing new diseases.
 Oh great.
 So let's say my teeth turn to liquid and then they drip down the back of my throat. What would you call that?
 I thought you said you were inventing diseases? That's spontaneous dental hydroplosion.
 Nice.
 Thank you.
 
 Why'd you do this?
 I didn't do it. What do you mean? Oh the water cooler was brought over here for... maintenance. So what do you guys hear? What's the scuttlebutt?
 
 I.D. badges are long overdue. Security in this office park is a joke. Last year I came to work with my spud gun in a duffel bag. I sat at my desk all day with a rifle that shoots potatoes at 60 pounds per square inch. Can you imagine if I was deranged?
 
 OK so let's put together a starting line-up shall we? Stanley of course.
 I'm sorry?
 Um what do you play? Center?
 Why "of course"?
 Uh...
 What's that supposed to mean?
 Uh I don't know. I don't remember saying that.
 Uh I heard it.
 Well people hear a lot of things man. Um... other starters... Me of course. I heard it that time.
 
 Hey Pam how would you like to be our cheerleader today? You know some ah pigtails? A little ah halter top you could tie that up. And you know something a little just youthful for a change. Just this once?
 I don't think so Michael. Besides I can't cheer against my fiance.
 I'll do it. Wear a little flouncey skirt if you want and...
 Yeah I bet you would. Just try not to be too gay on the court. And by gay I mean um you know not in a homosexual way at all. I mean the uh you know like the bad-at-sports way. I think that goes without saying.
 
 Do I have a special someone? Uh well yeah of course. A bunch of 'em. My employees. If I had to choose between a one-night-stand with some stupid cow I pick-up in a bar and these people? I'd pick them every time. Because with them it is an everyday stand and I still know their names in the morning.
 
 I'll be the Number Two guy here in Scranton in six weeks. How? Name repetition personality mirroring and never breaking off a handshake. I'm always thinking one step ahead. Like a carpenter that makes stairs.
 
 You already had a party on May 5th for no reason.
 No reason?! It was the 05 05 05 party...
 And you had a luau....
 ...it happens once every billion years.
 And a tsunami relief fundraiser which somehow lost a lot of money.
 Okay no that was a FUN raiser. I think I made that very clear in the fliers fun F-U-N.
 Okay well I don't understand why anyone would have a tsunami FUN raiser Michael. I mean that doesn't even make sense.
 Well I think a lot of people were very affected by the footage.
 
 It has to be official and it has to be urine.
 
 Times have changed a little. And even though we're still a family here at Dunder-Mifflin families grow. And at some point the daddy can't take a bath with the kids anymore. I am Upper Management. And it would be inappropriate for me to take a bath with Pam. As much as I might want to.
 He said what?
 
 Welkommen Bienvenue and welcome to Monte Carlo! Dwight. I am no longer your boss. Lady Fortune is your boss.
  Will Lady Fortune give me a raise?
 Shut it shut it shut it. Will Lady Fortune be your mistress? Only time will tell my friends. Leave all your preconceived notions about casinos at the door. Old friends new lovers and the disabled! Welcome all! Great okay. Shuffle up and deal. Let's get it started! Black-Eyed Crows.
 
 I have been Michael's #2 guy for about 5 years. And we make a great team. We're like one of those classic famous teams. He's like Mozart and I'm like Mozart's friend. No. I'm like Butch Cassidy and Michael is like Mozart. You try and hurt Mozart; you're going to get a bullet in your head courtesy of Butch Cassidy.
 
 People are always coming to me. "Michael I have a secret. Your the only one I trust." No thanks because keeping a secret can only lead to trouble. Like I was watching Cinemax last weekend. This movie Portrait of a... Prostitute something. Secrets of a Call... More Secrets of a Call Girl. And the lead character Shila is framed for murder. She goes on the run and winds up working at a bordello in Malibu. I don't I don't want to live like that. I like it here. I don't want to be Shila I like being Michael Scott.
 
  Joe McCarthy Richard Nixon Studebaker television North Korea South Korea Marilyn Monroe Ryan started the fire! 
 
 Cover your nose and mouth. Breathe through your nose.
 Let go of me!
 Breathe through your nose. Remove your stockings. Okay? They'll melt right into your flesh! Stay below the smoke line. Let's go! Clear out stat! STAT MEANS NOW!
 
  What about me?
 What are you? A monk?
 I am Sith Lord.  Oh big deal. Three round pieces of paper taped to a shirt. This cost me 129 dollars.
 Ass.
 
 I know that patience and loyalty are good and virtuous traits. But sometimes I just think you need to grow a pair.
 
 I just have a quick question.
 I haven't signed them ok?
 No it's not that. Um I was just wondering since I'm probably going to have to stay late could you ask Dwight to stay late too so he can walk me to my car?
 Come in. Um Pam I hate to break this to you but Dwight can't stop you from being mugged. He's just not tough enough.
 He's a purple belt. That's really high.
 
 Um well we are all getting excited to see this fight. The Albany branch is working right through lunch to prevent downsizing but Michael he decided to extend our lunch by an hour so we could all go down to the dojo and watch him fight Dwight. Fight... Fight fight fight fight fight fight I'm coming fight...
 
 Guys beef! It's what's for dinner! Who wants some man meat?
 I do! I want some man meat!
 Michael Dwight would like your man meat.
 Well then my man meat he shall have. There you go. Deliciousity.
  Of course.
 
 A man sitting several seats down who has a gold face turns to Michael Scarn.  Uh... Ooh Oscar you wanna play Goldenface?
 Mr. Scarn perhaps you would be more comfortable in my private jet?
 Yes perhaps I would Goldenface. Sam get my luggage.
 I forget it brutha.
 Samuel you are such an idiot you are the worst assistant ever. And you're disgusting Dwigt.  Wait who's Dwigt?
 
 It's performance review day company-wide. Last year my performance review started with Michael asking me what my hopes and dreams were and it ended with him telling me he could bench-press 190 pounds. So I don't really know what to expect.
 
 Sometimes women say more in their pauses than they say in their words.
 Really?
 Oh yes. Let's listen to it again. And this time really listen to the pauses.
 God Stanley that's frickin' brilliant. How do you know that? Did you learn that on the streets? Sorry.
 Oh no that's ok. I did learn it on the streets. On the ghetto in fact.
 No kidding.
 It's all about my bonus.
 
 There are certain things a boss does not share with his employees. His salary that would depress them. His bed it--- And I am not going to tell them that I'll be reading their e-mails.
 
 I wake up every morning in a bed that's too small drive my daughter to a school that's too expensive and then I go to work to a job for which I get paid too little but on Pretzel Day? Well I like pretzel day.
 
 It's true. I'm having a party. I've got three cases of imported beer a karaoke machine and I didn't invite Michael. So three ingredients for a great party. And it's nothing personal I just think that if he were there people wouldn't be able to relax and you know have fun and my roommate wants to meet everybody. Because I'm pretty sure he thinks that I'm making Dwight up.  He is very real.
 
Liquor Store  It comes to $166.41.
 All right now you're the expert. Is this enough to get 20 people plastered?
Liquor Store  Fifteen bottles of vodka? Yeah that should do it.
 Cool cool. Box it up.
 
 I bought this teapot for Pam and I know she really wants it. So can I trade you for it?
 No trades.
 Come on it's a shamrock keychain. Good luck.
 "A real man makes his own luck." Billy Zane. Titanic.
 Look it has sentimental value Dwight. Can I buy it from you?
 No. I want it. I'm going to use it.
 You don't even drink tea.
 True. But I get sinus infections and sinus infections can be cured by making your tea from green tea leaf stems ..
 Okay ..
 .. and pouring it directly into your nose like so. 
 To think that my gift for Pam will be used for that it's a little too much to handle.
 
Captain  All right! I need a volunteer to come up here and hold my stick. Who's it gonna be?
 Me.
Captain  Okay...
 Me! Me me me.
Captain  Uh... usually it's a woman.
 I'm stronger.
 
 That's... great. You know to tell the truth I used to have a big thing for Pam so...
 Really? You're kidding me. You and Pam? Wow. I would have never have put you two together. You really hid it well. God! I usually have a radar for stuff like that. You know I made out with Jan...
 Yeah I know.
 Yeah? Yep. Well Pam is cute.
 Yeah. She's really funny and she's warm. And she's just... well anyway.
 Well if you like her so much don't give up.
 She's engaged.
 BFD. Engaged ain't married.
 Huh.
 Never ever ever give up.
 
 Oh God no Dwight isn't my friend... Oh my God! Dwight's kind of my friend!
 
 I ground up four extra-strength aspirin and put them in Michael's pudding. I do the same thing with my dog to get him to take his heartworm medicine.
 
 You know it's amazing to me that in this day and age you could be so obtuse about sexual orientation.
 I watch the L Word. I watch Queer as F*** so...
 That's not what it's called.
 OK Michael are you aware that you ousted Oscar today?
 What? What does that even...
 Coming out is a significant moment for a gay person and they should be allowed to select the timing and manner of announcing it.
 Well gay pride right? Gay pride parade? It's not like gay... shame festival.
 All right now Oscar's feeling discriminated against by his co-workers primarily Angela and um that's your fault.
 I think Angela might be gay. Could Oscar and Angela be having a gay affair? Maybe! Is that what this is about?
 NO!
 I don't kn--
 No it's not possible.
 Anything's possible.
 You know imagine... you were gay.
  Well I'm not gay Jan and you should know that better than anybody!
 
 Pam... PAAAM!?
 Oh God.
  What.
 Come here please.
 Tell me before I come there.
 I want you to rub butter on my foot.
 No.
 Pam please? I have Country Crock.
 No.
 Uh ow. Ryan! ... Ryaaaaan ... RYYYYAN!
 
 I've uh I've been at Dunder Mifflin for 12 years the last four as Regional Manager. If you want to come through here... See we have the entire floor. So this is my kingdom as far as the eye can see. This is our receptionist Pam. Pam! Pam-Pam! Pam Beasley. Pam has been with us for... forever. Right Pam?
 Well. I don't know.
 If you think she's cute now you should have seen her a couple of years ago. 
 What?
 
 Roy and I just got back from the Poconos. I get ten vacation days a year and I try to hold off taking them for as long as possible and this year I got to the third week in January.
 
 Um let me ask you is there a term besides Mexican that you prefer? Something less offensive?
 Mexican isn't offensive.
 Well it has certain connotations.
 Like what?
 Like... I don't... I don't know.
 What connotations Michael? You meant something.
 No. Now remember that honesty...
 I'm just curious.
 ...empathy respect...
 
 I'm not gaining anything from this seminar. I'm a professional woman. The head of accounting. I'm in the healthiest relationship of my life. I just think it's insulting that Jan thinks we need this. And apparently judging from her outfit Jan aspires to be a whore.
 
 Ok well sometimes the gift is really about the gesture you know like what it means instead of what it is.
 You mean like a ham?
 No not like a ham. It's about doing something so that the person knows that you really care about her.
 Ok I get it.
 That you remember her.
 Ok shut up. I know exactly what to do!
 
 Hey what about Angela? She's hard and severe. She could be a gay woman.
 I really don't think so.
 I don't know I can imagine her with another woman can't you?
 
 
 Poop is raining from the ceilings. Poop!
 
 Okay so Dwight in your own words ! "Someone replaced all my pens and pencils with crayons. I suspect Jim Halpert.! "Everyone has called me 'Dwayne' all day. I think Jim Halpert paid them to."
  Yes! Five bucks each. And it was totally worth it.
  "This morning I found a bloody glove in my desk drawer and Jim Halpert tried to convince me I committed murder. I think he may be the real murderer.! "Jim Halpert said there was an abandoned infant in the woman's room. When I went to save the child I saw Meredith on the can." Gah. "This morning I knocked myself in the head with the phone."
 That actually took a while. I had to put uh more and more nickels into his handset till he got used to the weight and then I just... took 'em all out.
  "Every time I typed my name it said 'Diapers'."
 Just a simple macro. You know these actually don't sound that funny one after another. But he does deserve it though.
 "By the end of the day my desk was about two feet closer to the copier."
 Yeah I just moved it an inch every time he went to the bathroom. And that's how I spent my entire day that day.
 
 That little girl is a child! I don't want to see you sniffing around her anymore this afternoon do you understand?!
 Yes I--
 Boy have you lost your mind? 'Cause I'll help you find it! Whatcha lookin' for ain't nobody gonna help you out there! Jesus could come through that door and he's not gonna help you if you don't stop sniffing after my child!
 Okay. 
 Stanley yelled at me today. That was one of the most frightening experiences of my life.
 
 Yes it is true. I Michael Scott am signing up with an online dating service. Thousands of people have done it and I am going to do it. I need a username. And... I have a great one . Little kid lover. That way people will know exactly where my priorities are at.
 
 Who brought in donuts?
 Somebody got donuts for my birthday!
 Happy birthday!
 You didn't know it was my birthday.
 I... guess I forgot.
 Well I guess I forgot to give you a donut .
 Are you serious?
 Mmm.
 
 Hey Pam all this stuff with Kevin... um it's pretty scary. And I'm thinking that uh next time you're in the shower you should check yourself out. You know give yourself an exam. Those things are like ticking time bags. Alright? Think about it.
 ...It's something to think about.
 
 It will never happen again. My boyfriend Bob Vance from Vance Refrigeration gave me a Vance Refrigeration credit card. Only for emergencies.
 An emergency like you have an ice cream cake and you're in the sun and it's melting?
 You don't use it to buy refrigerators Kevin!
 
 I'd like a magazine.
 We just need urine sir.
 I'd still like one. 
 
 OK Ryan. You told Toby that Creed has a distinct old man smell?
 I know exactly what he's talking about. I sprout mung beans on a damp paper towel in my desk drawer. Very nutritious. But they smell like death.
 
 This came out really well.  Ha ha ha.
 Ha ha ha ha.
 Whoa. What are those stains?
 Blood urine or semen.
 Oh God I hope it's urine.
 
 Dwight's room key. And... Dwight's room. What can I say? Old habits die hard.
 D?
 Oh my God. Dwight got a hooker! Oh my God I gotta call... well I gotta call somebody I don't even know who to call. Dwight got a hooker!
 
 You can't fire me I don't work in this van!
 
 Hug it out bitch. That is what men say to each other after a fight. They hug it out and doing so the just... let it go. And walk away. And they're done. Not a good idea to say that to a woman however. I have found. It doesn't translate.
 
 When I die I wanna be frozen. And if they have to freeze me in pieces so be it. I will wake up stronger than ever because I will have used that time to figure out exactly why I died and what moves I could have used to defend myself better now that I know what hold he had me in.
 
 Hey. What are we doing? What's the game? I want in.
 Oh there's no game. We're just trying to get these chips for Karen.
 Did you check the vending machine?
 Oh the vending machines! How did we miss that?
 I have no idea. We went right for the copier.
 Mm.
 And then we checked the fax machine.
 Yeah nothing there.
 Did you check your... butt?
 
 Brain teaser. I have two coins totaling 15 cents and one of them is not a nickel. What are they?
 A dime and a nickel.
 No I said one of them is not a nickel.
 But the other one is. I've heard that before.
 Ok. A man and his son get into a car accident. They are rushed to the hospital. The doctor says there is no way I can operate on this boy ...
 Because he's my son. The doctor is the boy's mother.
 A man is found hanging from the ceiling...
 He stepped on a block of ice hung himself and the ice melted.
 A hunter.
 It's a polar bear because you're at the North Pole.
 Damn it!
 
 And just as you have planted your seed in the ground I'm going to plant my seed in you.
 I don't think you know what you're saying.
 
 Now a lot of people say that Kelly is one in a million and that's true but it's also not true. Because frankly there are literally billions of people just like Kelly in the world. Here are some famous Indians.  Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar. He is a Nobel prize-winning physicist. Impressive. Apu from the Simpsons. Hilarious. Indian. M. Night Shyamalan. 'The Village' 'Unbreakable' 'Sixth Sense' 'Sig... '
 I see dead people.
 Okay. Spoiler... alert.
 He was dead the whole time.
 Just stop it.
 
 Well I was a Temp but I got promoted. So um... the compensation is a lot more competitive.
Kelly's  So you're saving money...
 Yes.
Kelly's  ...to start a family and home.
 Oh um... or travel. And um... and buy an Xbox.
 
 It's not that children make me uncomfortable it's just that why be a dad when you can be a fun uncle? I've never heard of anyone rebelling against their fun uncle.
 
 Jim is not allowed to talk until after he buys me a coke. Those are the rules of jinx and they are unflinchingly rigid.
 
 I just hated it when that guy was in here. Mr. Brown if that was his real name. I mean he had never met any of us before and here he was telling us how to do our thing. I just wanted... I just wanted to do it our way. You know? On our own. Man I should have gotten some food.
 Maybe some spagh-etti.
 Okay Kevin. You can take that off that thing OK? That would really really have shown him up wouldn't it? If I'd brought in some burritos or some colored greens. Or some pad Thai. I love pad Thai.
 It's collard greens.
 What?
 It's collard greens.
 That doesn't really make sense. Because you don't call them collared people that's offensive. Hmmm... OK well it's after five. So... Thank you very much. Buena vista Oscar. Thank you. Good job. Oh my man. Thank you Brazil. Nice.
 
 The Japanese camp guards of World War II always chose one man to kill whenever a batch of new prisoners arrived. I always wondered how they chose the man who was to die. I think I would have been good at choosing the person.
 
 Hey hey everybody Ice-cream sandwiches! Aaaahh!  Here you go. Take one take one. It's all good. Phyllis think fast. Ya-bome! Oh oh I see Angela. Angela? Right? Waaaaah! Oh hey temp. Why don't you take two? Because you don't get health care. And uh faster metabolism.
 Did you get the kind with the cookies? Instead of the...
 Why don't you just eat it OK? And here you go Stanley the manly.
 Oh thanks.
 There you go.
 This isn't the big surprise is it? Because we've been having a pretty horrible day.
 Uh nope. Nope. This isn't the surprise. It's surprising um... because you didn't expect it. But you will... you'll know it when you see it.
 
 Close your eyes. Picture a convict. What's he wearing? Nothing special baseball cap on backwards baggy pants... he says something ordinary like... 'yo thats shizzle.' Okay. Now slowly open your eyes again. Who are you picturing? A black man? Wrong. That was a white woman. Surprised? Well shame on you.
 
 All right everybody there has been a lot of name calling against our office today. Corporate maligning slurring much of it coming from one of you who claims that prison is better... than... here. And none of can say "Boo" because none of us have ever been to prison. Well there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Somebody else who has been to prison who can tell you what it is really like . I'm prison Mike! You know why they call me prison Mike?!
 Do you really expect us to believe you're somebody else?
 Do you really expect me to not push you up against the wall beeyotch?!  All right hey hey hey hey that's just the way we talk in the clink. Been a lot of fun talk about prison today but I am here to scare you straight. I AM HERE TO SCARE YOU STRAIIIGHT!! In prison you are somebody's bitch. Oh and you.  You my friend would be da belle of da ball. Don't drop the soap! Don't drop the soap!
 Michael please!
 
 I taught Mike some uh phrases to help with his interracial conversations. You know stuff like "Fleece it out." "Going mach five." "Dinkin' flicka." You know things us Negroes say.
 
  My life! Oh my life...
  Michael what's wrong?!
 Everything's wrong. The stress of my modern office has caused me to go into a depression.
 Depression? Isn't that just a fancy word for feeling bummed out?
 Dwight you ignorant slut. Depression is a very serious illness. Over 32 thousand people commit suicide every year! According to a 2004 study!
 Is that the last year the data was available?
 Yes! My head is in such pain! And turmoil!
 
 Okay everybody slight change of plans we are still going to be having two parties but each is going to get a little extra dose of naught-ay. Uh! 
 Alright! Uh! 
 Gay.
 What?
 Okay. Co-ed naked strippers in this office. For realsies.
 Under no circumstance should a man strip off his clothes in this office.
 SHUT UP ANGELA!
 
 Jan told me to play it cool and not tell anybody because it can get us both in trouble. So officially I did not see her. But I did see Jan there. In our room. At night. And in the morning. That's all I'm gonna say. Sex. We had sex. I had sex with her. I had sex with Jan.
 
 After you sir.
 No thank you I never let anyone walk behind me. Seven out of ten attacks are from the rear.
 Ok well that still leaves a 30% chance that I will attack you from the front.
 Uh yeah but it will be easier to stop. I can always block the blow. I can counter it with... 
 
 Oompa-Loompa Doompity-Dawesome Dwight is now gone which is totally awesome. Why was he gone he was such a nice guy? No he was not. He was a total douche. Doompity-doomp.
 
 How would I describe myself? Three words. Hard-working. Alpha male. Jackhammer. Merciless. Insatiable. 
 
 I miss Dwight. Congratulations universe. You win.
 
 So you know who turned out to be kind of a creep? Ben Franklin. And Elizabeth the stripper gave me great advice. Which rhymed. Really makes you wonder how Ben Franklin can become president but someone like Elizabeth can't.
 
 Why tip someone for a job I'm capable of doing myself? I can deliver food. I can drive a taxi. I can and do cut my own hair. I did however tip my urologist because... I am unable to pulverize my own kidney stones.
 
 A thirty year mortgage at Michael's age essentially means that he's buying a coffin. If I were buying my coffin I would get one with thicker walls so you couldn't hear the other dead people.
 
 Swish swish swish. Nothing but net. And their jaws just dropped to the floor. African-Americans! So...
 
 What are you doing? You'd better not hurt that little bat.
 Animals can't feel pain.
 Don't hurt that bat Creed! It's a living thing with feelings and a family!
 Flush him towards the door. On my go... NOW!
 AHH! KILL IT! KILL IT! KILL IIIT!
 
 I don't have a lot of experience with vampires. But I have hunted werewolves. I shot one once. But by the time I got to it it had turned back into my neighbor's dog.
 
 MAGIC MAGIC Magic Magic magic magic... 
 
 I am taking a calculated risk. What's the upside? I overcome my nausea fall deeply in love babies normalcy no more self loathing. Downside? I uh date Michael Scott publicly and collapse in on myself like a dying star.
 
 I am not a hero. I am a mere defender of the office. You know who's a real hero? Hiro from Heroes. That's a hero. Also Bono.
 
 This may be the first time that a male subordinate has attempted to get a modest scheduled raise by threatening to withhold sex from a female superior. It will be a groundbreaking case when it inevitably goes to trial.
 
 Several weeks ago Andy Bernard had an incident.  Wrong! It's nitrogen! Absorb this information. Good! Now let us discuss precipitation. Stanley! When rainfall occurs does it usually fall in a liquid solid or gaseous... state?
 Liquid.
 Very good! You have earned one Schrute Buck.
 I don't want it.
 Then you have been deducted 50 Schrute Bucks!
 Make it 100.
 We--- Don't you wanna earn Schrute Bucks?
 No. In fact I'll give you a billion Stanley Nickels if you never talk to me again.
 What's the ratio of Stanley Nickels to Schrute Bucks?
 The same as the ratio of unicorns to leprechauns.
 Okay---
 That's it! 
 What---
 Class is canceled everybody out!
 No wait what are you doing?!
 I'm punishing them.
 No no no wait! Class is not canceled.
 
  Oh is... Ryan coming back today?
 Yeah he is.
 Oh.
 
 Yeah Ryan snapped at me but there was this twinkle in his eye that I picked up on which said "Dude we're friends. I'm doing this for appearances. I am the big boss now. And I have to seem like an ogre. But you know me and you trust me. And we like each other. And we'll always be friends. And I would never take you for granted in a million years. And I miss you man. And I love you." His words.
 
 Ever since I was a kid people have been telling me I can't do things. "You can't be on the team" "You can't move on to second grade". Well now they're telling me that I can't win back clients using old fashioned business methods.  We'll see about that. And FYI I eventually aced second grade and I was the biggest kid in class.
 
 Every little boy fantasizes about his fairy-tale wedding.
 
  I'm MC Mike Scott and I am hot. She's DJ Jazzy Flax and she is the best. All those sucker branches can suck our fat!
 Wikka wikka wikka what?
 
  I am on the third day of my cleanse diet. All I have to do is drink maple syrup lemon juice cayenne pepper and water for all three meals. Um I just bought some bikinis online size 2. So ... gonna look amazing.
 
 When Michael told us that Jan was pregnant he led us to believe that he was the father. By telling us that he was the father.
 
 Listen dummy! It's not that hard. All you have to do is take the numbers from the sales report and type them into a master spreadsheet. A G.D. monkey could do it. I do not understand why you can't do it.
 No! You do not talk to him like that!
 But he's an idiot!
 Hey!
 He is not an idiot!
 Thank you Holly.
 He is mentally challenged. But he's doing a super job here.
 Wait back up. Do you think that I am retarded?
 Well no. Dwight...
 Oh Holly that is very offensive.
 I'm sorry.
 
 What is wrong with these people? They have no willpower. I went -- I once went 28 years without having sex. And then again for seven years.
 
 Does anyone have any idea what the number one cause of death is in this country?
 Shotgun weddings.
 That's not what that is.
 Fright. Being scared to death.
 No.
 Obesity-caused illnesses.
 Obesity-caused illnesses.
 Thank you. Holly is right. People this is not just about winning some extra vacation days. This is about a very cool HR initiative that if we don't follow we are all going to die of obesity. So how much are we gonna lose?
 I would like to lose 65 pounds.
 Yes all right. Who else?  Can I put you down for 10 pounds?
 No. My doctor wants me to gain weight.
 If you gain weight you will die. I want you to live forever. I want us all to live forever. How? How are we going to do this?
 Cryogenics. Beer me five.
 This is how we're gonna do it. Five pounds. I'm asking each of you to lose five pounds. That plus Jim's 65 will give us a very good chance at winning this thing.
 
 Ronnie was bleh. Things were at an all time sad here. But then I got an e-mail from Ryan that he was coming back to town. And I called the temp agency and I told them I will pay you any amount just give me Ryan Howard. Give him to me. I want him. I need him.
 
 Attention! Attention! We only have a few weeks left.  And most of you are just as fat as the day we began.
 How much weight have you lost Dwight?
 I am hardly the problem Jim.
 No you're definitely the problem.
 This is what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna randomly select three names and these three people will get liposuction. Uhhhhh Stanley Phyllis Kevin. And you will be responsible for your own medical bills.
 
 Dwight I would like you to apologize to this beautiful beautiful woman for forcing her to walk five miles which for her is basically a death march.
 She should thank me.
 Ok Phyllis thank Dwight first.
 Why should I have to thank him?
 You're right you're right. Just Dwight do it. Just say it ok.
  I apologize for creating a ruse which forced you to exercise. 
 Finally. Right? Ok Phyllis you must be exhausted from standing on those gams. Why don't you have a seat?  Let's all clap at Phyllis.  Ok! When Michael Clump wants to remind you  that corporate... their idea yes was to urge you to lose weight but more importantly what this whole thing is about this contest is really about being healthy. And in order to be healthy you have to eat Kelly. Kelly.  Kelly I want you to stand up on your chair. Come on stand up on your chair. Stand up stand up stand up. Somebody help her. Here we go.  Ok I want you to look at her. She's a beautiful Indian woman. Why? What makes her beautiful?
  Everything. She's perfect.
 I like her nails.
 Ok be more specific.
 I like her fingernails.
 I like her purple dress.
 What about her looks?
 Hell of an ass.
 ...what else do people like?
 
 I wonder what people like about me? ... Probably my jugs.
 
 Andy Bernard does not lose contests. He wins them... or he quits them because they are unfair.

 In 2030 the Ted of the future is having a talk with his kids. 
 Future  Kids I’m going to tell you an incredible  the story of how I met your mother. 
 Ted’s  Are we being punished or something?

  
 Marshall accidentally stabs Lily with a sword during a fight between him and Ted. 
  On Monday I’m going to have to tell my kindergarten class who I tell not to run with scissors how my fiancé ran me through with a freakin’ broadsword! 
  Technically it didn’t go all the way through. 
  I’m sorry were we having a discussion about the degree to which you stabbed me?

  
 Robin is feeling defensive about her value as a potential spouse. 
  I’m a genetic goldmine! No family history of diabetes or heart disease and everyone has non-porous teeth and perfect eyesight. I had one schizophrenic uncle but even he had perfect vision ... which was unfortunate for the people around the bell tower he was in.

  
 Barney is trying to convince Ted that his job as an architect is sexy. 
  Dude lots of chicks think that architects are hot. Think about that you create something out of nothing. You’re like God. There is no one hotter than God. 
  I love it when you quote Scripture.

  
 Robin wants the gang to help her convince her sister not to lose her virginity to a jerk. 
  Please? I’m her older sister; I’m supposed to teach her how to make good and responsible decisions. 
  It’s two o’clock and you’ve already had three scotch and sodas. 
  That's why I need your help!

  
 Barney is consoling Robin who feels insecure. 
  You’re the most awesome person I’ve ever met. Well second. 
  Right first being you. 
  No actually it’s this guy I know who lives in something called the mirror. What up?

  
 Everyone is pointing out each other’s flaws and Ted comments that Lily chews loudly. 
  I mean you got used to Lily’s loud chewing right?
  Lily doesn’t chew loudly. 
  Dude. This isn’t news. Why do you think I call her Chewbacca? 
  I suspect because she’s loyal wears shiny belts and I resemble a young Harrison Ford.

  
 Lily is in a very bad mood. 
  Hey how was your day? 
  Today I yelled at a little girl for drawing a rainbow. 
  A rainbow? Sounds like that bitch had it coming.

  
 The gang discusses Robin’s popularity as TV personality. 
  Wow. You had more fans than I thought. 
  And only about 60 percent of them are prison inmates. 
  What are these guys thinking? I am way past my “dating prisoners” phase. I mean hello I’m not 19 anymore.

  
 Ted’s boss has just fired him. 
  After he proposed a vocational paradigm shift I made an impromptu presentation using a four-prong approach which really brought him to his knees. 
  You hit him with a chair? 
  Yep. 
  Good man!

  
 Barney is concerned about officially calling Robin his girlfriend. 
  How do you keep a girl from becoming your girlfriend?  The rules for girls are the same as Gremlins. Rule number  Never get them wet. In other words don’t let her take a shower in your place. Rule number  Keep them away from sunlight—i.e. don’t ever see them during the day. And rule number  Never feed them after midnight. Meaning she doesn’t sleep over and you don’t have breakfast with her ever. 
  What about brunch? Is brunch cool? 
  No Ted brunch is not cool.

  
 Robin is concerned about becoming a U.S. citizen. 
  How do you know the Canadian citizenship test is easy? 
  It’s Canada. Question  Do you want to be Canadian? Question  Really?

  
 Ted teaches Barney about how to treat Robin well in a relationship. 
  Pop  When robin is PMSing what kind of chocolate should you get her? 
  Trick question. Get her butterscotch. 
  Correct. Why? 
  Butterscotch is to Canadian women what chocolate is to American women.

    To the empowerage of words.
   To the irony of that sentence.
   Hey you know what today is?  It's the two week anniversary of my horrible first impression.
   There's a card for that?
   Not specifically but if you think of grandsons as a metaphor for friendship I think you'll agree with this Transformer here that it's time for ours to become a man by reading from the Torah.
  Introduction to Film 
   I'm interested in making movies but my dad says all media is Western propaganda that negatively stereotypes Arabs.
   He should see Aladdin. Jafar was a badass!
   Hey Troy sneezes like a girl!
   And how 'bout I pound you like a boy! That didn't come out right.
  Social Psychology 
   This is really important to me Abed. Could you please go as my friend? My really good friend?
   Well I didn't realize we were really good friends. I figured we were more like Chandler and Phoebe; they never really had stories together. ...Sure I'll do it Chandler.
   The Duncan Principle is simple. Namely the more control lost by the...  Yeah I'm going to write this down too actually.
  Advanced Criminal Law 
   The only difference between Señor Chang and Stalin is that I know who Señor Chang is.
   She confessed to protect her classmates because you were threatening to flunk everyone!
    You did what?
   Oh shut your pompous vortex of overlapping fangs!
   Hey British dentistry is not on trial!
  Football Feminism and You 
   I'm saying you're a football player. It's in your blood!
   That's racist.
   Your soul.
   That's racist.
   Your eyes?
   That's gay?
   That's homophobic.
   That's black.
   That's racist.
   Damn.
   Hip hop body don't stop. Riverside got the broom don't need a mop. Put your team in the box put a ribbon on top we're not John Kerry 'cause we don't flip-flop.
   Troy why are you doing our politically conservative high school's shamefully outdated fight rap?

  Troy  Bing bong sing along. Your team's Al Gore 'cause your views are wrong.
  Introduction to Statistics (Community)Introduction to Statistics 
   Batman are you staying for the party?
    If I stay there can be no party. I must be out there in the night staying vigilant.
  Wherever a party needs to be saved I'm there. Wherever there are masks wherever there's tomfoolery and joy I'm there.
  But sometimes I'm not cause I'm out in the night staying vigilant. Watching. Lurking. Running. Jumping. Hurtling. Sleeping. No I can't sleep. You sleep. I'm awake. I don't sleep. I don't blink. Am I bird? No. I'm a bat. I am Batman. Or am I? Yes I am Batman. Happy Halloween.

   Candy corn looks like tiny traffic cones.
   Yeah it sure does.
   At like a candy traffic school. Like a little gingerbread man at the wheel. And he's drunk!
   Look out!
   We drivin'. But you keep wantin' to eat yourself.
   All day.
   That's one of my biggest fears.
   What is?
   If I ever like woke up as a donut...
   You would eat yourself?
   I wouldn't even question it.
   That's one of my biggest fears.
   Mmm. That'd be tasty.
   It's cool to know other people think about this stuff too.
   Yeah. Yeah.
  Home Economics 

   Hey what are you doing? That was The Jeffersons honky...
   I was wrong OK? Material possessions are important. Think how much happier The Jeffersons were than that family on Good Times.
   Yeah but they had good times.
   How are you so satisfied all the time Abed? I mean don't you ever want anything more out of life than cereal?
    Sometimes I like to pour hot cocoa mix into cold milk and drink it like a cold hot chocolate. I call it Special Drink.
   And someday you will know it by it's true  diabetes.
   You're Goldie Hawn Jeff.
   I'm sorry?
   You're Goldie Hawn.
   Is it the lips?
   No. In Overboard she was just like you. Wealthy assertive arrogant got manicures all the time. But then she fell off her boat and it was a good thing for her because ultimately she realized she was happier being poor and raising four unruly boys with Kurt Russell.
   Can I not be Kurt Russell in this scenario?
   You can do whatever you want you just have to know what that is. For me it's Lucky Charms and TV.
  Debate 109 

   This is wrinkling my brain...
  "Troy" This is wrinkling my brain...
   That's wrinkling my brain!
  Dean  Mr. Winger did you happen to hear my announcement?
   I hang on every word.
  Dean  I'm going to assume that's sarcasm.
   Correct.
  Dean  So you didn't hear my announcement?
   I'm barely listening now.
  Environmental Science 

   There's only one solution. Someone has to go to Chang and talk to him.
   I vote we all look at Jeff at the same time. 
    In a way all of you are right... OK what was I tuning out?
   You have to get Chang to call off some of this homework! You're the one with the silver tongue.
   Yeah go tongue Chang.
   Guys what makes you think I can convince Chang of anything if I can't convince you not to make me do it?
   Well I guess it sounds crazy...
   Jeff does raise a good point.

   Wait! You are convincing!


   You make no mistake about this  I pleasure that woman greatly.
   Psh yeah you look like you would have to. I'm not surprised you said that.
  Politics of Human Sexuality 
   Pierce has got a girlfriend!
   That's great. What's she do?
   She's an escort.
   Oh...
   Some mysteries solve themselves don't they?
   Taking a call girl to an STD fair? There's a joke here. 

   Don't eat the crab dip! Hey yay!
  Comparative Religion 
   I'm so sick of the dean jamming his PC-ness down my throat.
   Pierce I'd like to commend you for letting that one go.
   Guys are we really going to let religion divide us? I think there's one thing we can all agree on.
   I get 72 virgins in heaven.
   ...No.
  Investigative Journalism 
    No no its fine it's fine. It's just little a nose bleed. I get 'em when it's dry and when my face gets kicked.
   Jeffrey I am the least racist person in the world. My best friend when I was six years old was a black man!
  Interpretive Dance 
   Before we start I'd like to have a preliminary pow-wow or prelimi-wow about what I'm calling our library's back-door conundrum.
   That sounds like a porno starring Kate Winslet.
   Can't I be the one in the group with the well-defined boundaries like Privacy Smurf Discreet Bear or Confidentiality Spice?
  Romantic Expressionism 
   You know what I don't get? He  never wears a shirt. He never wears shoes. Why hasn't he died from lack of service?
   You don't see me saying anything crazy about Abed and Troy's weird relationship.
  Abed and   They're just jealous.
  Communication Studies 
  Dean   It's Valentine's week when the Greendale Human Being is the Cupid Being delivering your gift to that special someone. But remember Cupid's face is magic marker on nylon so love is not only blind but also dizzy and a little belligerent.
   Another muffin basket from another actress who wants to be in my next film.
   Does that work?
   Yep. Meryl Streep has two Oscars because of her baking. Ah that's sarcasm but I forgot to inflect. This sounds way more like sarcasm. Inflection is so interesting.
  Physical Education 

   What are you reading?
   Pride and Prejudice.
   So you're familiar with two sins... how about a third?
   Ooh! 
   I don't think we're allowed to smoke in here.
   Well then you picked the wrong outfit didn't you?

   Abed what are you doing?!
   Don Draper from Mad Men. What did you think?
   Weird.
   Awesome.
   Put your tongue in her ear.
   I liked it.
   The truth is lots of girls like me because let's face it I'm pretty adorable and uh my aloofness unconsciously reminds them of their fathers so... I'm more used to them approaching me.
   So we didn't damage your self-esteem or anything?
   Britta I've got self-esteem falling out of my butt. That's why I was willing to change for you guys. When you really know who you are and what you like about yourself changing for other people isn't such a big deal.

   Abed you're a god.
  Basic Genealogy 
   I hope they're not twins. Twins freak me out. They always know what the other one is—
   —Thinking?
   Yeah. And they're always finishing each other's—
   —Pie?
   Exactly. It's creepy.
   How much effort do I rate?
   For you I’d break a light sweat.
   Good. I need a favor. Help Pierce with his step daughter?
   You're becoming dangerous Annie. It’s those doe eyes. Disappointing you is like choking the little mermaid with a bike chain.
  Beginner Pottery 
  Admiral  I don't see students here; I see seamen. I didn't create them. From the moment you climbed aboard I saw seamen inside you. More importantly you've stopped giggling at the word "seamen" and that's the mark of a real seaman.
   Anyone can be a lawyer. You can even represent yourself. You can't do surgery on yourself. It's illegal. You'd get arrested and then you'd get a free lawyer.
  The Science of Illusion 
  Dean  From now on April 1st is now March 32nd.
   "Knock knock." "Who's there?" "Cancer!" "Oh good come on in I thought it was Britta!"
  Contemporary American Poultry 
   For as long as I can remember I always wanted to be in a mafia movie.
   What is that?
   It's a monkey.
   Why do you have a monkey?
   It's an animal that looks like a dude. Why don't I have ten of them?
  The Art of Discourse 
   Come on everybody let's not make fun of Annie.
   No no I don't want anybody's pity. You know come to think of it after Pierce you're the most bigoted.
   What?
   When you found out I was Jewish you invited me into a 'pool party' that turned out to be a baptism.
   Well excuse me for trying to sneak you into heaven!
  Modern Warfare 
    What's the prize?
  Dean  It was a DVD Blu-Ray player but it was stolen so now it's TBD.
   I want TBD. Is that new?
   if it's what I think I had it for a month in the seventies.
   So you guys formed an alliance without me?
   Yep. You with Starburns?
   Not if I can be with you.  It's just Starburns.
  English as a Second Language 

   Now she is going to make the Disney face. Her lip is going to quiver and her eyes will flutter but they won't ever actually close but do not feel sorry for her!
   Friends don't do what you did to us. Did the Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants poison each other's food so they were too sick to leave? No! I've never seen it but I'm pretty sure they MAILED EACH OTHER PANTS!
   I said I was sorry!
   Who cares if you're sorry? We're still screwed! Be sorry about this stuff before you do it then DON'T DO IT!
  Pascal's Triangle Revisited 
    Do you know what this is?
   A roll of quarters?
   Yeah that's right! 
   Slater makes me feel like I do when I write my new years resolutions. She makes me feel like the guy I want to be. And Britta makes me feel like the guy I am three weeks after new years when I’m back to hitting my snooze button and screening my mom’s phone calls. Back to who I really am. So do you try to evolve? Or do you try to know what you are?


  Anthropology 101 
   Guys I got a confession to make. I took anthropology because I want to be a part of your study group. Now I gotta do the honest thing and just ask. Is there any room in this pocket for a little spare Chang?
   Look we have the strength to survive anything. What's the worst that can happen with Chang?

    Nooooo!
  Accounting for Lawyers 

   Annie go back and keep lookout.
   Wait why me lookout? Why not you guys?
   'Cause if someone comes up here Kanye and Kumar get taken to jail. You get taken to dinner.
   
   What did she say?
   I don't know.
   All I heard was "suck."
    Guys guys do you know I actually have a civil case against that bitch that stole my husband?
   Shirley don't sue a stripper.
   Why not?
   She's a stripper. Life sued her and she lost.
  The Psychology of Letting Go 
    Wow. You guys are real downers. I can't believe I made out with both of you.
    Now this is why I came to America.
  Basic Rocket Science 
    Once we clean it can we go inside?
  Dean  No. That is a job for some upstanding students who are training right now in the simulator simulator.
    Great job on this. Hard to believe I'm not really not really in space.
   We are forty lightyears outside the Buttermilk Nebula although it's possible that...  Yeah it's a sticker.
  Messianic Myths and Ancient Peoples 
   I always thought that Jesus just walked on water and told people not to have abortions but it's so much cooler than that. He was like E.T. Edward Scissorhands and Marty McFly combined. I would love to make a Jesus movie.
   Now everyone open your textbooks because Abed has broken the internet.
  Epidemiology 

   What is up with that cat?
   Is someone throwing it?
   I'm a dracula.
   You mean a vampire?
   I don't need to know which dracula I am to be a dracula. Nerd.
  Aerodynamics of Gender 

   Ready for The Bus Driver Winger? You know why they call me The Bus Driver right?
   'Cause you've been traveling all day?
   'Cause I'm taking your butt to school.
    You're really good at it. You're like a machine!
   Like RoboCop?
   Exactly like Rowboat Cop. Sharice is a bad rowboat. Sink her.
  Cooperative Calligraphy 
    Abed why is my name in here?
   That's mine.
   And Shirley's and Annie's?
   What is it?
   Charts. Some kind of calendar?
   That's my personal private business.
    " 4 on 28 off  November 10th.  5 on 27 off..." Oh my God are you charting our menstrual cycles?
   What?! Gross!
   Abed this is so personal! And so accurate.
   Abed this is really creepy. I don't understand why you would do this.
   I can explain.  Oh I thought you'd keep yelling over me. Okay I can explain. You know I have trouble reading people and I say the wrong things sometimes and I noticed it was happening more often with you three than it was with the others. And then I noticed fluctuating patterns and I started graphing them and by the time I realized what I was actually measuring it had started to yield really positive results for everybody so I kept doing it.
    It all starts with a quick look-see into someone's bag and before you can say 1984 the thought police are forcing you to bend and spread!
   Bend and spread? Are the thought police going to make love to us?
   Do they find thoughts in people's butts? I knew I should've read that book!
  Conspiracy Theories and Interior Design 
   I have always dreamt of playing charades with you Jeffrey. Just not like this! And not on dry land!
  Professor  And so on and so on ex-chetterah!
   ...Did you just mispronounce et cetera?
  Professor  My latin class was fake Jeff.
  Mixology Certification 
   Alcohol makes people sad. It's the Lifetime movie of beverages.
  Study   To you!
   That was weird. How come we only sang the last two words? What happened to the happy birthday part?
   You know Troy's a Jehovah's Witness he doesn't celebrate birthdays.
   Annie and I did our best to keep the language on the cake compliant.
    Hello during a random dessert the month and day of which coincide numerically with your expulsion from a uterus.
  Abed's Uncontrollable Christmas 

   Ooh! Can I sing this one?  Bitter shallow hipster / Sweater matching socks / Christmas needs more presence / Than a haircut in a box.
   Annie. Nice!
   Get what I did with the word presence?
    It's the first season of Lost on DVD.
   That's the meaning of Christmas?
   No. It's a metaphor. It represents lack of pay-off.

   I get it. The meaning of Christmas is the idea that Christmas has meaning. And it can be whatever we want. For me it used to mean being with my mom. Now it means being with you guys. Thanks Lost.
  Asian Population Studies 
   It's not like I'm seeing anyone. There's just a guy...
   A guy that goes to Greendale? Is it the Russian guy that looks like a short Johnny Depp?
   It doesn't matter.
   Is it the guy who looks a little like Vince Vaughn but smells a lot like fish?

   Is it the guy who looks like Anderson Cooper but with the soul patch and the ponytail?
   No.
   Is it Black Michael Chiklis?
   No.
   The white George Foreman?
   You guys are talking about the same  he's biracial his name is David and he's a human being.

   Is it Fat Neil?
   Bluestreak?
   Optimus Prime?
   Okay even I know some of these are Transformers.

   Is it Jean-Claude Van Overbite?
   We should really start learning people's names.
   I agree with brown Jamie Lee Curtis.
   What's this? What's going on?
   It's a mixer.
   Well why's everyone from Anthro class here? Are you guys picking a new study group member? And you didn't invite me?
   We didn't know how to reach you.
   What are you talking about? I'm everywhere.
   We didn't know how to reach you.
   That's not true. That's a lie.
    It's a mixer. We didn't know how to reach you. It's a mixer. It's a mixer. It's a mixer. It's a mixer. It's a mixer.

   Works every time.
  Celebrity Pharmacology 
  Dean  Well that answers my question. Jeff Winger is sexy even in a coffin.
   Is Pierce marijuana and does marijuana help people move faster? I thought it just made them custom paint vans and solve mysteries.
  Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 
    And so it was that the group began to describe themselves walking and as they described themselves walking so did Abed confirm they walked.
    You are the AT&T of people.
  Early 21st Century Romanticism 
   Mariah my name is Abed Nadir.  My associate Troy Barnes.
   Charmed I'm sure.
   Are you the guys who keep staring at me and intermittently yelling out "books?"
   The very same. We're both interested in taking you to the Valentine's dance but we are also best friends with each other.
   It is of the utmost importance we protect that friendship from the stresses of courting you so we're trying to be as direct and above-board about this as possible.
   Will you go to the dance with one of us and if so which one?
   We need to get something straight first. This is the cutest thing that's ever happened to me.  But I don't know either one of you.
   Give us a moment.  New  get to know us at the dance and decide there which of us you'd like to see again.
   Okay deal.
   Yesss.
    What's in the briefcase?
   Oh tacos. You want one?
   No.
   Great we really wanted them.
   Yeah we're gonna eat them.
    So like would you change clothes in front of her?
   Annie I know your lack of world experience creates curiosity but questions like that can make you seem a little bit homophobic.
   It's homophobic to ask questions?
   If you have to ask if it's homophobic to ask questions haven't you already answered your own question?
   Have I?
   Don't know. Not a homophobe.
    Oh.
   Oh there's Page. Should I ask her 500 questions about being a lesbian? Or should I just treat her like a normal person? That's a question you can ask.
  Intermediate Documentary Filmmaking 
   I was never one to hold grudges Jeffrey. My father held grudges. I'll always hate him for that.
  Intro to Political Science 
  Special Agent Glenn   He's clean. Although I could issue a warning for this bootleg copy of The Last Airbender.
   Where were you a week ago?
  Critical Film Studies 
   Where to begin... I probably mentioned in the past my fondness for a TV program called Cougar Town.
   Here and there.
   I even started a Cougar Town fan club on Facebook not to accomplish anything mind you simply to express my love for the show. Well it ended up being quite large this fan club and one morning I think it was in early March I got this Facebook message—a very nice message—from the people who make Cougar Town.
   Looking for work?
    No thanking me Jeff you know for all the support I generated for the show and in the last paragraph they said "If you'd like you could come visit the set." Just like that.
   Wow that's cool of them. I guess that kind of makes them the Pulp Fiction of people. Man how great was that movie?
   So I sold a few of my action figures and I bought a round trip ticket to Los Angeles.
   Wait what? You went? When?
   Over spring break. What could I do? Two days after I got that invitation I was on the set of Cougar Town Jeff.  Cougar Town.
   Look if you want me to take it seriously stop saying its name.
   You laugh Jeff but the people were wonderful. You know not just the actors but the crew everyone. There must have been two hundred people each with a specific function but all dedicated to a single purpose. It was like a village or like... a living thing. And I'm talking to the director and he says "Well why don't you jump into the background?" I say "Now wait a minute jump into the background of what exactly?" And he says "Jump into the background of this scene. Walk through it. Walk through Cougar Town!" Well before I could react this girl takes me by the hand and she stands me behind this patio where Courtney Cox and the actors are doing their scene and the girl says "Now when you hear action I want you to walk from here to there." That's when I really started to panic Jeff because if I'm a person who watches Cougar Town how could I be in Cougar Town? And the more I start thinking about it the less any of it makes sense at all. And I just want to turn and run but it's too late because the director is calling "Action!" So before I take my first step I realize that I have to stop being someone who has ever seen the show and become a character on the show. Become a man from Cougar Town. You know someone born there someone whose name I decide is Chad. And I take my first step as a child learning to walk—as Chad—and with each step it becomes easier and with each step I start remembering things from Chad's life like his first kiss under the big tree at Cougar Town field playing soccer at Cougar Town Junior High finding my first chest hair in the shower my first apartment my first true love falling for my best friend. Birthdays weddings car crashes taxes. Playing charades at Thanksgiving. Chad had lived Jeff. Chad had lived more than Abed. Then they called "Cut." And the scene was over but I wasn't ready to stop being Chad so I said to the director "Can I have one more take?" But they were already moving on—Courtney had nailed it. My lips started trembling my hands and my feet went numb my knees buckled and as I fell to the floor...  I pooped my pants.
  Paradigms of Human Memory 
   The show's gonna last three weeks!
   Six seasons and a movie!
   Didn't we decide at the beginning of the year that for the good of the group we wouldn't allow any intimacy between each other or ourselves?
   Troy we never said ourselves.
   Okay now I'm really mad.
  Applied Anthropology and Culinary Arts 
    And that's how Jews celebrate at weddings! Anthropology!
   L'chaim!
   Chang babies love the sauce you know? Alcohol and Duck.


  Biology 101 
   Okay guys let's get to Biology on time. I don't want to be a screw up this year.
   Umm Britta. 
   So we're really doing this without Pierce? It's so sad.
   Yeah we've parted ways with our closest oldest craziest most racist oldest elderly crazy friend. And he's not coming back.
    I'm back.
   Oh Starburns. I see you added a lizard to your special hat and sideburns. Am I missing anything?
   Yeah the human being underneath it all but no one's really interested in that are they?
   No.
  Geography of Global Conflicts 
   Well the real important thing is that there is a Model U.N. it doesn't really matter who starts it. It just means her name goes on some charter and she gets to put it on her resume and lead the Greendale team to the national Model U.N. and meet Kofi Annan Boutros Boutros-Ghali and will.i.am.
    Boutros Boutros-Ghali?!
  Professor  A logical effective common-sense move Annie Kim one which flies in the very face of the United Nations  A fundamentally symbolic organisation founded on the principles of high-minded rhetoric and empty gestures. Blue UN wins!
  Remedial Chaos Theory 
   Oh look Indiana Jones and the apartment of perpetual virginity.
   Haha! Chop busted fellow adult. Chop busted.
   You've got a bowl of olives next to the toilet?
   It's a fancy party Britta.
  Competitive Ecology 
    Who the hell are you always texting?! Everyone you know is here!
   What is wrong with you people?! Huh?! I thought you were supposed to be friends! I thought you were supposed to love each other! Your love is weird! And toxic! And it destroys everything it touches! I no longer care about grades! Or Biology or finally graduating from college like I promised my dying father. I'm going home. I'm going to hold my wife and my child close and I'm going to finally take my insulin shot! Offense taken!  Offense taken.
  Horror Fiction in Seven Spooky Steps 
   Remember last week when I made you guys fill out those anonymous personality tests from my psych class?
   Look if you dropped them in another puddle...
   Here we  a log cabin I rented so we could be intimate in safety because it's not the fifties so we don't have to park our car and neck at expression point.
   That makes sense. I'm turned on by how logical you are.
  Advanced Gay 

   Wow Pierce congratulations on meeting the minimum requirement for open-mindedness.
   Yeah I'm really proud of you you're growing up as a person.
   Oh good grief he's not supporting gay people. They're supporting him. If Mexicans were buying his wipes he would have ridden in on a donkey.
   I can excuse racism but I draw the line on animal cruelty.
   You can excuse racism?
  Studies in Modern Movement 
    When you become roommates with friends the things you love about them become the things that makes you want to smother them with a pillow.
  Documentary Filmmaking Redux 
    Welcome to Dean-dale Community Colle-dean! I'm a silly goose. Honk honk! Dean-a-lee-doo! Look at me! This is my sister's outfit!
   Jeffrey stop.  You've hit gold. Save some for the screen.
   The Dean had his seventh epiphany today which has given me an epiphany of my  the Dean is a genius. He has to be. If he isn't then I've given almost two weeks of life to an idiot; that is unacceptable. Therefore the Dean is a genius and I will die protecting his vision.
   Are you by any chance familiar with Stockholm syndrome?
   Is it something that the Dean created? Because if not I don't care.
  Foosball and Nocturnal Vigilantism 
   Gentlemen my name is Clarence Thaddeus Foos. My grandfather Fletcher Morton Foos invented this game for one  to have the loudest dumbest thing happen. Now it has. The game of Foosball is completed. You're free to return to your undoubtedly hearing impaired families.
   Tell you what. We'll stop playing if you can score a point on us.
   Tempting but then wouldn't I be playing Foosball if so how would I not be a loud weird knob?
   Free shot! I'm not even touching the Foosenshaft.
   Sorry Luftballons. I'm above it. 
   I wish there was a word to describe the pleasure I feel at viewing misfortune.
   What are you guys doing here on a Saturday night? Shouldn't you be making weird art movies or well-engineered cars?
   You take that back!
   We came to play. Get away from our table.
   We're using it strudel-brain.
   Nice.
   Then play us for it.
   Fine! Monday morning. Only let's make it  the loser never gets to use this table again.
   Oh you are so on that things have now become very much like Donkey Kong.
   We're gonna kick das butt.
   Nice.
   Thank you.
   Enough Teutonic punnery! Monday morning you get this. 
   Were you guys walking around with a soccer ball just so you could do that? They left the ball and everything. I think they were literally walking around with it like a prop to use. It's like a twenty-five dollar bit and it's not even that good!
  Regional Holiday Music 
   Not liking Glee club doesn't make us bullies. And implying that is reverse bullying.
    Teach me how to understand Christmas
  Show me how to open a box
  It hurts my little head
  When I'm lying in my bed
  With visions of sugarplum... socks?
    Is this a bit?
   Teach me how to understand Christmas
  Do I trim the tree or the deer?
  I can't keep it straight
  And now it's getting late
  Where does the stocking go?  Here? I can't see!
  What's a Christmas Eve is that Santa's lady?
  Are snowmen cold or hot?
  Won't you be my daddy?
  I'm a silly Christmas baby!
  Tell me what to deck 'cause I forgot!
   Annie–
   Bwain hurty understandy Chwsitmas
  Mistletoe for eaty taste good?
  You smarty me dumb; help pwetty have fun!
  Boopy doopy boop doop sex!
   Look eventually you hit a point of diminishing returns on the sexiness.
   What's a diminimuhmm... 
  Digital Exploration of Interior Design  
    Am I the only person enraged by the fact that corporations are taking human form? I totally predicted this in my high school newspaper  Britta Unfiltered.
   Unfiltered. I get it.
   Get what?
    I am not a whore and not that I've done the math but if I were I'd be the super classy kind that gets flown to Dubai to stay in an underwater hotel.
  Basic Lupine Urology 
   How did we get the short straw?
   It's not a short straw. It's a hot potato.
   Yeah well it looks pretty cold to me.
   Cold or dead?.
   Survey says...
   We can't both do the zinger.
   If it's any consolation she got me here on a very misleading text message.
   Technically you are about to be screwed in the biology room.
  Course Listing Unavailable 
  Curriculum Unavailable 
  Digital Estate Planning 
  The First Chang Dynasty 
  Introduction to Finality 
   Today is Abed's first therapy session.
   His what?
   He's been feeling extra vulnerable lately having lost Troy to the air conditioning repair school so he's finally going to let me practice my psych skills on him! Give me some credit Winger. What's the worst that could happen?
   Classic tee-up.
   Shut up Leonard I know about your crooked wang.
   No such thing as bad press.
  Evil  You're worried you'll go crazy without Troy. That's why you're going to let Britta fix you right? Because you think you're broken you're going to get diagnosed by someone who said her favorite superhero was X-Man.




  Repilot 
    Because the next bone you get thrown might be through a dude's zipper in the warehouse district and I can't guarantee you it'll be from me.
  Introduction to Teaching 
   But is he good or is he bad? Every actor is something. Robert Downey Jr.? Good. Jim Belushi? Bad. Van Damme? The good kind of bad. Johnny Depp? The bad kind of good. There's a spectrum and Cage is on it. I just have to find him.

